Pride and injury 

Chapter One 

It's a recognized fact, man. Good luck, he's losing his wife. 

However, there is very little knowledge about such human feelings or opinions. This truth is so good when it arrived for the first time to the community. He is in the heart of the family around him. Is considered one or other legal property of one or other Daughter. 

"My dear Bonte," one day, his wife told him, "Do you have any? Did you hear that Nigeria Park was finally rented? " 

Mr.Bantte said no. 

"But it's true," she replied;"Because Mrs. Lang has just been here, and She told me everything. " 

Mr.Bante did not answer. 

Do not you want to know who took you? I'm anxious. 

"You want to tell me, I do not care." 

You're already invited. 

"Why, dear, you should know what the dragon said to Nigfield Being away from DA, Northern England form; He sat on a lounge chaise on Monday, four people coming Location, very happy with him, he agreed Morris immediately;he will have this before Michael but some of his servants In the next weekend." 

"What's his name?" 

Bentley." 

"Is he married or not?" 

"Oh! One, dear, you can be sure! A rich single person; 4 to 5000 per year.How good is our daughter! " 

"How can you? How does this affect them?" 

"My dear Banet," his wife answered, "How can you like it? I'm boring!You should know what I think of him, married myself. They." 

"Work here?" 

"Design! U said how you can say! But it's very likely He can fall in love with one of them, so you He should visit him. " 

"I do not think there's a chance to do this. You can go or you can I'll send it maybe it's better because Because it's as beautiful as they, mr.Bentley, you'll like it. The party is better. " 

"Darling, you are illogy. Of course I have my part. Beautiful, but I have nothing special now. When a woman has five adult daughters, she should refuse Think about her own beauty. " 

"In this case, women usually do not have beauty." 

"But dear, mr. Bentley Come on the round. " 

"I guarantee this is much more than I am involved." 

"But think about your daughter. Think about what an institution is It will be one of them.Sir William and Lucas Determined, for this reason, because of the general, you You know, they will not visit new people.You must go because it goes. If it is not, we can not visit it. " 

"You, of course, be very careful. I dare say Mr. I am very happy to meet you;I'll send you some lines. I honestly agree with him, no matter who he is. Choose girl;Although I must be mine Small Parm. " 

"I hope not. Park Mun is not good. More than others;I believe she will not be like Jane, not Lydia is a mood, but you're always Give your preference. " 

"They have nothing to recommend," he replied; "They are all as stupid as other girls; but pu yun Better than the sisters. " 

"Mr. Banet, how can you abuse the same child? You are very happy to worry.You have no sympathy for my poor. Nerve" 

"You misunderstood me, my dear. I respect my nerves. They are my former friend.I heard you mentioned At least he has been looking at these 20 years. " 

"Oh, you do not know I suffered." 

"But I hope you can overcome it, see many young people. More than 4000 people were around each year. " 

"If 20 people come, then it's useless because you I'll visit them. " 

"Honey, I believe when there are 20, I'll go Visit them. " 

Mr. Buntte is so strange, mixed fast parts, ironic humor, Keep and behave, 320 years Not enough to understand your wife Of the figure.His ideas are not hard to develop.Is it over there Understand thin, less information, uncertain woman She was very nervous when she was unhappy. Her life mission is to force her daughter to get married;she is A search is a visit and news. 

Chapter Two 

Mr.Banet is one of the people waiting for him. He would visit him despite the fact that until the end Always guaranteed to him that his wife should not go;until She did not know after the end of the visit. Then reveal the next way. The daughter works with a decorative hat, he suddenly told him. And also, 

"I hope Mr. Bentley likes, Pu k. I." 

"We can not know what Bentley loves," she said. Mother said indignation: "Because we do not see." 

"But you forgot, Mother," Isabel said, "Let's find him." In the rally, you agreed to present it. " 

"I do not believe you're going to do this. She's two years old. Her own niece.She is a selfish and hypocritical woman, and I No comments for this. " 

"I do not have anymore," said Mr.Bante;"I'm very happy to find out You do not trust her to serve you. " 

Bannet is not responding, but can not control She is beginning to infuriate her daughter. 

"You do not have cough, Katie, look at God! Eat a little I'm coming with me.You rip them. " 

"Katie coughing did not judge," said his father;"Is it over there Let them get sick. " 

"I'm not interested in coughing," Kitty said. "When is your next ball, Pukhov?" 

"Two weeks tomorrow." 

Yes, yes, she cried her mother, the dragon did not come. Until the day of the day;So it's impossible Imagine because she will not recognize himself. " 

"So dear, you can use your friends and Imagine mr.Bent for her. " 

"Impossible, Mr. Bante, impossible when I do not know I'm with him;How can you dare so? " 

"I respect you with care. Two days of knowledge A person does not know what a person is? End of two weeks.But if you do not risk finding others Will;After all, Lang Mao and his niece should tolerate them Possibility;So she will think she's pretty good, If she refuses her office, I first carry him. " 

The girls were looking at the father. "Hu said, Hu said!" 

"What is the meaning of the strong sigh?"he cried. "You consider the form of introduction and emphasize I do not agree with your point of view. _ There _.What do you think, Mary?Because you're a girl Reflection, I know, read a good book, make an extract. " 

Mary means something very wise, but I do not know how to say. 

"When Mary adjusts your ideas," he continued, "let's go back. Mr. Jingley. " 

"I hate mr.Bentley, "his wife cried. 

"I'm very sad to hear this news; but why do not you tell me? Before?If I know so much this morning, I certainly do not Visit it.It is very unhappy;but in fact After visiting, we can not avoid friends now. " 

The surprise of women is what he expected; Bennet can exceed others;even if the first Joy is over, she began to say it was hers. He was anxious for it. 

"As you look good, my dear Banten! But I know I have to I'll finally convince him.I'm sure you love your girl too much. I am so happy. It's also a very good joke, you should go this morning and He never said that before. " 

"Now, Katie, you can choose how much cough cough," he said. Bannet;When he says, he left the room and was tired. The ecstasy of his wife. 

"You have a good father, girls," she said when The door was closed."I do not know how you're going to let you pay Because of his goodness;or I, in this regard.In our era Life, I can tell you, create a new life is unpleasant Every day dating;But look at your copy, let's do Something.Lydia, dear, although you are the smallest, but I dare myself Let's say Mr.Bentley will dance with you in the next dance. " 

"Oh!"said L.i firmly, "I'm not afraid; because I'm Minimum, I'm the highest. " 

How long has he been speculating last night? Will return to mr.Banet and decide when they have to Ask him to eat. 

Third chapter 

However, it is not Lady Bennett with your help. Five daughters, you can ask that question, enough to draw A satisfactory description of the husband, mr.Bentley. They attacked it in many ways;with discovered problems, Original hypothesis and distant assumption;But she runs Skills of all of them;they end up having to accept I used information about your neighbors Lucas.Is it over there The report is very favorable.Sir William is very happy He is.He is very young, very beautiful, very Happy, and to ask for the whole, he plans in the following Group with a big party.There is nothing more enjoyable than that! I like to dance-this is an important step towards loving the love of the river; Mr.Bentley was full of strong hopes for a meeting. 

"If I can see my daughter, I'll have a happy life. Nigfield, "Bannet told her husband," That's all. Other people who are equally married, I will not have desires. " 

A few days later, Mr.Benley returned to Mr.Bante sat down. He stayed in the library for about ten minutes.He is very happy I hope to see new women, they Beautiful heard a lot;But he saw only his father.Women More because they have Defined from the window, wear a blue jacket Riding a black horse. 

The dinner invitation will be shipped soon;and Bennet planned to take a course Thanks to its economic work service, when the delayed answer comes Everything.Mr. Bentley must enter the city the next day. So I can not accept your honor Invitation etc. Ms.Banet is not easy. I can not imagine what's in the city soon. He arrived at hatred;she began to worry about what he can be Always fly from one place to another, never adjust In the field of Niger.Lucas Lady calm your fear Little began to go to London only Keep a big party for the ball;have a report Mr.Bentley has twelve women and seven lords. He went to the rally.Girls Ladies;But on the eve of the ball I heard that the voice was comfortable. He only brought six, not twelve. London, his five sisters and his cousin. There are only five conference rooms; Bent, his two sisters, the biggest husband and the other. Young people. 

Bentley is always beautiful, the Lord is ignorance;He is very happy. Face, light, untouched way.His sisters are very good Woman with a solid fashion atmosphere.Your brother, Lord Hest, I just looked at this gentleman;But his friend Daren was very fast. His high and beautiful people attracted the attention of the room Features, Noble Winds and Reports Blood circulation within five minutes after entry 10000 per year.Mr.He announced that he was a good man. Human image, women affirm this Mr. Bentley, was delighted. Half of the night as his name is disgusting It is popular;because it is considered pride of It is greater than your company, is greater than happiness;Not all this Large debenya property let you avoid most This fear, boring guy, is not worth it Compared to your friends. 

Mr. Bentley will meet everyone soon The main figure in the room;She is alive and has no reservation, All the dances, is very angry, so early and To say this in the field of Niger.So skill Quality should not be smug.Which comparison between him There is also his friend!Mr.Daxi is only dancing with Hast. MS.Bentley, I refused to represent him to anyone else. Mrs. There's a weekend night. Room, sometimes talking to his party.He He is the person pride and boring. In this world, everyone expected they never got there We are again.It's Mrs.Bennet more violent, He did not like his overall behavior. Your contempt for your dissatisfaction with special Daughters. 

Due to the lack of a gentleman, Elizabeth Bunnart is forced, She sits and dances twice;At that time mr. Daxi stayed there enough, she did not intend to hear. He and Mr.ball bentley A few minutes, forcing your friends to join. 

"Come on," he said, "I have to let you dance. I hate you. Stay alone this stupid way.You have a lot Skip better. " 

"I certainly will not. You know I have a bottle if I do not Especially familiar with my partner.In such assembly Your sisters are brides and There is no other woman in the room. I punished me to get up. " 

"I'm not going to collect like you," Bentley cried, "For the kingdom! With my honor, I have never seen so many happy. Girls in my life tonight;there are several You will see that they are very beautiful. " 

"You dance with the only beautiful guy in the living room," he said Mr. Davets, looking at Miss Top.Bunnett. 

"Oh! She's the most beautiful creature I've ever seen! But there it's Your sister is behind you, she's very Very beautiful, I dare say it's very good.Let me ask my partner Present you. " 

"What do you mean?"turned, he saw some time Elizabeth, until she caught her attention, he recovered coldly. He said, "She can stand; but not pretty, she can not try me; I Currently, do not affect humble girls. People who despise others.You'd better get back to you. Gift, enjoy your smile because you're wasting time I'm." 

Mr.Bentley listened to his advice.Mr. Davets left; Elizabeth was not very kind to him.Is it over there However, her friend's friend tells her story;why She's alive, I like it. Any absurd thing. 

It gave joy to the whole family at night. Mrs.Bennet saw that his big daughter was very admired. Niger's field party.Mr. Bentley and she jumped twice, she Known for his sisters.Jane satisfies Through this, her mother can, despite the calmer way. Elizabeth is a great honor.Mary already hears Miss Bentley becomes the greatest achievement of the world Neighbor;Catherine and Ludia are very lucky Never have a partner, that's all they have. I learned to take care of the dance.So they were never lost. The soul of their village lived They are the main locals.They found Mr.Baet so far Above.With the book no matter the time;he Your curiosity event I've improved a great wait at night.He has a I hope his wife is on a stranger. Disappointed;But he quickly discovered that he had a very different story. Hear ... 

"Oh, my dear Banet" when she entered the room: "We have a The most enjoyable night, the dancing more exciting.I hope you have It was there.Simply wonderful, there is nothing better than that. Everyone says how good she is.Mr.Benley thinks it is. Very beautiful and she jumped twice.Just think that, Dear;He really jumped twice with her;And she's the only one. He's bio in the second question room. He asked Miss.Lucus.I'm very upset when I'm with her. But, however, he does not admire it at all;In fact, no one can, Do you know;When you go, he looks very fascinated by her. Enter the ball.Then he asked who she was and was presented, Ask the following two.So 3 points with him dancing Miss, 4, 2, Maria Lucas and 2 Jane, 6 points, 2 and Park, _ Hot Brown _- " 

"If he sympathizes with me," he cried her husband. He will not jump so hard!To God Look at the God of God, do not say more to your partner.Oh, he was stealing. Ankle in the first moment! " 

"Oh! Darling," Sra continued.BANTTE ", I'm very satisfied with them. It's too much for me. Beautiful!I've never been to my life. I saw something more elegant than their skirt.I dare say income In Sra dress.Hest ... " 

Here she was interrupted again. Description of the costumes.So she had to find another Thematic and connected branches, there is a lot of pain The spirit is a bit exaggerated, and coarse arrogant. 

"But I can assure you," she added, "The Moon Park will not miss much." It is not suitable for her imagination;because he is the most boring and horrible person Hides, she is not worthy of pleasure.So high, so autonomous, No one can handle it!He goes here, he goes there, Fantasy is great!It's not beautiful, you can not dance. Ç!I hope you were there, dear, give him Your failures.I really hate this man. " 

Chapter 

When Jane and Elizabeth, She enjoyed Bentley's compliment, expressed. Sister, she admires him a lot. 

"He's a young man, he must have looked," she said, "I am wise, Humor, alive;I've never seen such a happy way! Very easy, there is a good perfect reproduction! " 

"He is also very beautiful," says Elizabeth, "Young It should be so if possible.Your character Ready." 

"He invited me to dance for a second, I'm very popular Time.I did not expect to have such compliments. " 

"Is not that it? I did for you. But it's a big difference. We are among us.Cheers always let you eat and I There was never.What is even more natural than him?He I can not stop seeing you five times. Other women in the room.No, thanks for your audacious Well, he's definitely arguing, I'll let him go. Like him.You like many stupid people. " 

"Dear music!" 

"Oh, you're awesome, you know, like people General, you can never see someone's mistake.The world is very good Very satisfied in your eyes.I've never heard of my bad words you said. People in my life. " 

"I do not want anyone; but I always Tell me my thoughts. " 

"I know, you know, it's very surprised. Belt You are good, then honestly they say blind stupid and Other children!Perform is very common; -A Anywhere.but frankly and do not brag or Design-uses everyone's personality and do it It's best not to say bad things-I'm just me. So you also like the sister of this man, that?Your behavior It's not like him. " 

"Of course not; start. But they are very satisfied You talk to them.Miss Bentley wants to live with her brother, Keep his house;If we do not find She is a very charming neighbor. " 

Isabel hears, but she does not believe in them; The behavior at the conference is not considered satisfied General;Faster speed observation, minor flexible grade More temperature than your sister, and the court is very ugly I do not want to ratify anything about me. They.In fact, they are very good women;not enough good When they are happy, they are not in Places they choose are pleasant;But pride and vanity. They are very beautiful, have education in the first batch Private siege in the city, 20,000 people wealth Sterling, use, more value, more, and Communicate with status;so in each Respect, there is a right to think about yourself, feedback Others.They belong to the problematic family in the North England;The printing of your memory is deeper The property of his brothers and his own goods was obtained. Through trade. 

Mr.Bentley is using almost 100 objects. His father will buy a copy Property, but lifeless.Mr.Bentley is interested Exactly the same, sometimes chooses your county;but just like him Now there is a good house and the freedom of property, is There are many people who know their relaxed man. Character, if he goes or not to spend the rest of his life Nigfield, let the next generation buy. 

His sisters are very worried, he has his own property; But although he is now as tenant, Miss Bentley I never want to pass my table, lady does not want HEST, married, more elegant man than wealth When her house is suitable for her, she tends to treat her as her house. Mr.Bentley is less than two years old.At that time it was what Random Council to look at the Niger Country House.He did that Looking for this, seeing for half an hour, right Situation and main room satisfied with the owner In your praise I got right away. 

There is a very stable friendship between Daisy, Although the personality is very opposite.Bentley was Deli, reluctant, open and plasticity, Although there is no sexuality, it is more comparison with yourself. Although he has never expressed discontent. Daichgen believes that Bentley's most dependent force Higher comments from it.Understanding Bentley is missing, Dishi. Intelligent, he is arrogant, Select, although it is formed, is not attractive. In this regard, his friends have a great advantage.Bentley has Determine I like to appear, Daishi constantly Prescribed by others. 

They talk about how Merrizhden Conférence I've never seen Bentley. Your life is more expensive or more beautiful girls;everything Very friendly and take care of him;without form, no Hard;He quickly felt familiar with all rooms; For Miss.Banet, he can not imagine a more beautiful angel. Daxi, the opposite, who saw people It's not beautiful and fashionable, it's not Feel minimum interest, no one received He admitted that he was very handsome. But she laughed too much. 

Mrs.Hest and her sister allow, but are still Look at her as she does, and tells him a beautiful girl, What they should not face more people.Miss Bannett So it's set up as an adorable girl, her brothers feel I proud to let her think about her as a choice. 

Chapter Five 

Viva family is far from Lengabern Bannet is especially intimate.Sir William Lucas I did business in Merriton, where he was patient. Prosperity, climb to the address of the horseman's glory The king served as mayor. He looks very strong.It makes him feel despised because of his business. Go to the hotel in a small town;then leave Both, and his family moved a mile around the house. Of Merriton, of this period Lusha Innitsa, where he You can think of his importance and you are unjustified. In business, you will carry The world.because although he was so created by his status, this did not do it Arrogant;Instead, it is full of God for all. Your speech was born, friendly and helpful James's house made him polite. 

Lucus Lady is a very good woman, not intelligent, can not be A valuable banquet for the neighbors women.They have some children.In High height, wise, intelligent young woman, oh 27 years old, she's the close friend of Isabel. 

Miss Lucas and Miss Bent met Crossing the ball is absolutely necessary;the next morning The conference brings the first to Lenngburn, listen and listen Communication. 

"Charlotte, you started very well at night," said Mrs.Bantte. Miss Lucaska self-direction."You're the first Mr. Bentley Choice." 

"Yes, but he seems to prefer his second." 

"Oh! I think you're simple because he jumped with her twice. To make sure it looks very admirable-I'm ready Believe with him _-I heard some things-but I barely know Mr things.Robinson. " 

"Maybe you treat me in an unintentional hearing between Mr. Robinson; Did not I mention you?Mr.Rubinson asked how he did. Like our miritonic rally, and if he does not find there There are many beautiful women in the room, he Do you feel the most beautiful?He answered the last question immediately Question: "Oh, Miss Bannett, there is no doubt that there is no At this point you can not have two comments."" 

"Press my words! Well, it's really very determined-then it really looks like It seems-but you know, everything will probably be confused. " 

"My dye is more according to you, Iraz," Charlotte said."Mr. Dae said in words. Friend of him, is not it? "Elezza!"Only you can stand." 

"I do not want to put it in the mind of the park, leave it Abuse, because he is an unpleasant person, goes I am very unhappy for loving it.Langmad finally told me That night he took half an hour with her, and no one was there. Open your lips. " 

"Are you sure, lady?" Is not it a little mistake? " Only ... "I saw Mr. Daxie, talking to her." 

"Yes-because she finally asked how Nigeerfield, and He could not help serve her;But she said she was very similar Because people speak and ashes. " 

"Miss Bentley told me," Jane, "he never said a lot. If it is not aware of it. Very good." 

"I do not believe in the Word, my dear. If so Very satisfied, he will talk to Mrs.Dragon, but can I know how this is? Yes;Everything said he was proud, I dare He said he knew that the lady was out of transport. And sit in the carriage to go to the ball. " 

"I do not care if he does not talk to you," said Miss Lucas, "But I hope he and Elezza are dancing." 

"So pon," said his mother, "I will not dance with her. He's _ if you need me. " 

"I believe, lady, that I can safely, you will never dance with her. He." 

"Your pride," said Miss Lucas, "he did not leave me Pride often does this because it's an excuse.A person can not Want to meet the new man, family, wealth, All that is good for him should be much appreciated.If I go I hope he has the right to be proud. " 

It's true, Elizabeth replied, I can be very light. Forgive him for pride if he did not humiliate me. " 

"Pride", Mary noticed that she was swimming Think: "I believe it is a very common failure. All I read the book, I believe it is very common. In fact, humanity is particularly inclined to appear also Few, we do not assume the feeling In some quality or in others, true or Imagine.vanity and pride are different things despite The word usually uses synonymous.A person can be proud The confusion is stretching.Pride is more related to our opinion, Vanity makes others look at us. " 

"If I look like Mr.Daxi, "he cried and he came. And his sisters, "I do not care, I'm good. I'll do it. Lift a package of hunting foxes, drink a bottle of wine a day. " 

"So you're going to drink more than you should drink," he said. Mrs. Bantte;"If I see you, I have to get Drink your bottle directly. " 

Boys protesting said she should not;She keeps pointing She goes, the debate is just the end of the visit. 

Chapter Six. 

Lomban is waiting soon in the field of Niger. In Access is returned to the appropriate form. Joy Miss Baneta Under the goodwill of Mrs. HEST, Miss Bentley, the label was designed; and Although the mother is discovered to be patient and younger Sisters are not worth talking about, I hope to learn better I express my opinion on two bosses with them. Simple Great attention; But Isabel Still seeing them for the treatment of all, I almost do not eliminate her sister, I do not like them; They have a good idea as previous, have value It is very likely that the impact of your brothers are admired. People usually think when they meet, he admires a lot. Is it over there; For her, the same thing obvious is that simplicity She began to please him. First, to a certain extent is very universal; but he Happy to think that it is unlikely to be detected In general, as it is combined with strong power Feelings, nature of tranquility and coherent happiness Protect it from suspicious attitudes Rude. She mentioned this to her friend Lucas. 

"It can be good," Charlotte replied, " In this case, it is imposed on the public;but sometimes it is Very careful failures.If a woman hides her With the same technique you can lose your feelings from your objects.She may lose. Restore your ability;It will be very bad at that moment In the dark, equality believes in the comfort of the world. Almost every attachment is full of gratitude or vanity Leave anything for you not safe.We can all start freely Small preference is very natural;But we are very little They have enough heart to actually enter the love of the river without encouragement. In the case of nine women, it is best to show most feelings. More than I feel.Bentley is undoubtedly like her sister;but he can If she does not help him, she does not do more than she likes. " 

"But she helped him while he was authorized. I feel her respect for him, he must be a fool. I did not find." 

"Remember Iicher, he does not understand a simple character like you." Knife." 

"But if a woman prefers a man and it does not work Hide it, he has to find him. " 

"If he looks enough, maybe he should do it. But even though Benley As always, I've never been for hours. Together;They always see another mix All sides, it is impossible to use every moment. Talk together.Then you should use the total use of each. She can catch his attention in half an hour. Protect it, it will be easy there Just as she chooses. " 

"Your plan is very good," says Elizabeth, "Nothing Beyond marriage;if I I decided to have a rich husband, or any husband, I dare to say. It should be used.But it is not a simple feeling;it is not Project performance.So far, it can not even be defined. It takes care of the level, not of this rationality.She knows that He was only two weeks old.She jumped four times in Merriton and he jumped; One morning she saw her own home and then ate the rice. And he's four times. She understands her character. " 

"Contrary to what you represent. If she just eats with him, she Maybe just think it's good;but You have to remember, spent four nights Together-four nights can have great help. " 

"Yes; these four nights make them confirm All of them prefer VINGT-UNEN more than business;but oh Any other main features, I do not think there are so many Expand." 

"Okay," Charlotte said, "I honestly wish you a simple success; If she's married to him tomorrow, I think she's already How does she study this. Twelve months of functions.Happiness at wedding completely Possibility of problem.If both sides recycle It is well known one by the other, or before it seems that it is true. I can not improve my happiness.They always go ahead Growth is different, they share it. Top;The less you, the better Defects of people who spend their lives together. " 

"You let me laugh, Charlotte; but it's not reasonable. You know that It's reckless, you'll never do that. " 

Focus on respecting mr's attention.Bent to his sister, Elizabeth does not doubt that she becomes Interesting object in her eyes in her eyes. At first she could barely be beautiful;he looked She does not admire dancing;When they meet next time, he Looking at her-just criticizing.But he managed Clearly showing herself and her friends, she is almost good. The characteristics of her face are what he is. Beautiful expression is unusually intelligent Eye: These conclusions are successful and others are also ashamed. Although she has found more of a fault with a critical eye Her body was perfect, he was forced to admit it. The project is completed, the system is automatically filled Her maneuver is not a fashion world, he It attracts your easy game.It's perfect for me. I do not know;"He only makes himself happy with her. There is no place, no one thinks she's enough to dance, you can dance Also... 

He began to know more about her, and Talk to her, participate Others, he made her attract her attention.It's in Sir William Luke, most of the big party. 

"What is Mr. Daway," she told Charlotte, "he hears. Am I talking about Shangdaster? " 

Mr.Daxi can answer questions. " 

"But if he does it again, I'll let him know about me." Look what he's talking about.He has a pair of satirical eyes if I do. Not from the beginning. His." 

Soon after he approached them, though he did not look To speak, Miss Lucas is breaking a friend. Let him mention this theme, he immediately the cause Elizabeth wants to do this, she turned to him, 

"You think Mr. Dadi, I say Only now that I take the laughter, I'll give us one. Merriton Ball? " 

"Energy engineer; but it's always a lady Full of energy." 

"You're very rigorous for us." 

Miss.Lucas said, "She smiled soon."I'm Ileza, I want to open the tool, you know what happens next. " 

"Through friends, you are a very strange creature! -Sempre ... I want to touch and sing for anyone and everything!If my Vanity has changed in music, you will be invaluable; But in fact I really do not want to be in those Be sure to develop the habit of listening to the best artists. " However, Miss.Lucus survived, he added, "Very well; if it is It must be so, it must be so."Strictly looked at mr. Daxi", there This is a very old saying, all here are certainly very familiar. "Continue breathing to cool your porridge, I'll hold My music makes my music expand. " 

Your performance is nice, although it is never capital.in One or two songs before she answers before She will sing some more, wants to succeed. The musical instrument of her sister Mary because of As the only common person in the house, hard work for knowledge And achievements, always vaguely impatient. 

Mary has no taste of talent; Her application also gave him a bitter feeling. Attached attitude, will damage higher degrees Perfection of what she is.Elizabeth, light and unwanted, Despite not having played, I was very happy. Half so good;Maria, at the end of a long concert, very happy Buy compliments and thanks to the wide leader of Scotland and Ireland, Her sister's request, they are lucky, Two or three officers danced at one end In the bedroom. 

Mr.Daxie was quiet around them. After spending the night, all the conversations were excluded, and Very frozen to have ideas and did not find Lord William Lucas is his neighbor until William starts. 

"Charming Entertainment The young-mr. Dadi! After all, no more than dancing.I think it is First improvement of polishing society. " 

"Of course, mr.; It also has popular advantages In a unique society in the world. Go dance." 

Sir William is just a laugh."Your friend is very happy," he After a while, keep seeing Bentley join the band;"me Lord, I do not doubt myself in science. Daxi. " 

"I believe you see me dancing in Merrin, sir." 

"Yes, in fact, Line.Do you dance many times in James? " 

"Never, sir ..." 

"Do not you think it's the right grip in this place?" 

"It's kind of compliment. If I can avoid it, I never expressed myself anywhere. That's it." 

"I conclude that you have a house in the city?" 

Sr. daxi. 

"I was thinking of my repair for me-because I I like an excellent society;but I'm not sure The London air will be consistent with Lucas Lady. " 

He stopped, I hope to have an answer;but his fellow is not Ready to do any;Elizabeth walks at this moment For them was made a lot Brave things yelling at her, 

"My dear, Miss Eletza, why do not you dance? Mr. Daxi, you have to Please allow me to present this girl as a very popular woman. Partner.I'm sure you can not refuse to dance Linda in front of you."And, holding her hand, he will give Although Mr.Dawie is very surprised, it's not I do not want to get it when she's back immediately, said Some of William Sir, 

"Actually, sir, I do not want to dance anything. I'm a I do not want to think I'm begging for this road. As a partner. " 

Mr.Daxi is very polite. His honor, but useless.Isabel is determined; William passed through his goal for attempt? Convince me. 

"Miss Eletza, you have very good dancing, then brutality Denny, I saw your happiness;although this gentleman I do not like fun, it can not be against, I Of course, let's spend half an hour. " 

"Mr. Dadi is very polite," Elizabeth smiled and said. 

"He's really-but considering the case, my dear lady Ileza, we can not surprise you. Give such partners? " 

Elizabeth looks very confused and turns.Her resistance is not The Lord hurt her, he thinks of her. When Ms.Bentley is a bit crowded. 

"I can guess your fantasy theme." 

"I should not imagine." 

"You find a lot through a lot The night in this form is in this society;In fact, I am quite Your opinion.I've never been so annoying!It's on one side, but Noise;virtual, but every self-valve Those people!I've heard your limitations on them that I give you! 

"I assure you that your assumption is completely wrong. My thoughts are bigger I have thought of greatness. Happy woman with beautiful woman in front of beautiful woman Can be supplied. " 

Miss.Bentley looked at his face and his desire. He will tell you what kind of lady has an incentive. Reflection.Mr. Duay responds very much morely, 

Miss Elizabeth Bannett. 

"Miss Elizabeth Bannett!"Miss Bentley repeated."I am all Surprise.How long is it so popular? When can I wish you happiness? " 

"That's exactly what I want you to ask. Min imagination is very fast;He jumps from admiration Love, of love for marriage, in a moment.I know you're going I wish you happiness. " 

"No, if you're so serious, I'll think it's You will have a beautiful mother-in-law, Really, of course she will always be with Pengberley You." 

He listened to her to speak completely on her, and she chose. To entertain thus;as he is right, She thinks she's safe, and her wisdom is constant. 

Chapter VII. 

The property of Mr.Banet is almost completely 200 pounds per year, unfortunately, for his daughter, In the absence of a male heir, remote relations are needed;and The property of their mother, despite enough to deal with your living conditions, But you can not get your failures.Your father once The lawyer at Merrin left 4000 pounds. 

She had a sister to marry mr.Phillips, he was a co-worker. Give them my father and inherit it in business, and brother Install in London with a significant business route. 

The long edge is only a mile of Merriton; For small women, the distance is very close, usually Pass three or four times a week to accomplish your duties Your aunt and hood store on the way.Twice The Smaller Catherine and Lysia of the Family Frequent attention;your thoughts Your sisters, when there is no better, walk Melton needs to entertain his time in the morning and provide furniture Speak at night;However, there are no news In general, the country may be that they are always trying to learn some Their aunt.Currently, they are actually sufficient The police recently brought news and happiness. Neighboring armament;all winter, Melton's headquarters. 

The visit of Mrs.Philips is now the richest. Interesting wisdom.Give them every day Understand the name and connection between the employee.Your residence Not too long is a secret and finally they start knowing Military officers.Mr. Philips visit everyone, this is He opened his niece unknown source of happiness. You can only talk about officers;mr.Bentley is very big "Wealth", mentioning it, brings animation to her mother, is Most valuable eyes resist military uniform Second Lieutenant. 

After hearing my speech on this theme, I heard the presentation. Mr.Bunte is safe. 

"According to your way, I can collect everything, you should Become two two girls in this country.I think that One day, but now I'm sure. " 

Ekaterina was not easy, she did not answer;but she, Perfect index, continue to express it Captain Carter, and she saw her hopes during the process. He goes to London the next morning. 

"I'm surprised, my dear," said Mrs.BANTTE, "You should As ready to think that your own baby is stupid.If I think that For the children of someone, should not be on their own, You still do not blink. " 

"If my baby is stupid, I have to wait forever. That's it." 

"Yes, but they are, they are very intelligent." 

"It's the only point, I'm flattering, we're not I hoped our emotions were in each one. Especially I should be different from you, so we think two The smallest daughter is very stupid. " 

"My dear Banet, you can not expect a girl like that. The feeling of his parents.When they arrived at that age, I I dare say they will not consider officers like us. It reminds me that I really like the red jacket and, Really, then I'm still in my heart;If the smart school, 5 to 6000 a year ago, you should want me daughter, I Do not say;I thought Foster had come to see Very similar to William night Group." 

"Mother," Londia cried, "my aunt said adopted colonel and Captain Carter does not look like them, Miss Family. When they came for the first time;she often walks the The Clark library. " 

Servants of men came to keep Lady Baneta respond to Miss Bannet, here is the Niger field, The servant is waiting for an answer. Very happy when your daughter Read, 

"Well, Jane, who sent it? What is this? What is he saying? Jane, tell us quickly;Hurry, my dear. " 

"It's Bentley," Jane, then read aloud. 

"My dear friend, "If you do not regret it, I'll be eating with Praia today. And I will have the risk of hating each other. In our lives, every day between two women No dispute will never end.Come as fast as possible Stay with that.My brothers and gentlemen are going to have lunch together Military officers. 

Caroline bentley 

"And an officer!"She cried lisia."I want to know that my aunt did not say We are." 

"I have food," said Mrs.Buntte, "It's very unhappy." 

"Can I have a carriage?" 

"No, honey, you better drive because it seems It can rain;So you should stay. " 

"It will be a good plan," Elizabeth said, "if you are determined They will not take the initiative to send it home. " 

"Oh! But you will have an armchair in Bentley. Merriton;And they have no horse. " 

"I'd rather stay on a horse." 

"But honey, I'm sure your father can not let the horse go. They wanted to be on Thursday, mr.Bante, is not it? " 

"They wanted more on the farm than what I can get." 

But if you have today, Elizabeth said, my mother The goal will be answered. " 

She finally wants to confirm her father. Assessment ma.So just go ahead On the horses of his mother, her mother accompanied her to the door. Worst, happy prediction.Hopes will respond; I have not had much rain for a long time.Your sisters His inconvenience, but his mother is very happy.The rain is still happening There is no way from the field to rest all night; Return. 

"It's really my lucky idea!"Said Mrs.BANTTE, more Not once, it seems that the honor of rain is yours. However, until the next morning she understood The project is completed, the system automatically fills in the morning breakfast The Nigeerfield servant brought the following note Elizabeth: 

"My dear Liz, "I found myself very uncomfortable this morning, I think it's I was considered wet yesterday.My good friend I heard I went home until I got up.They also insist When I saw Mr.Jones-then, if you have to, do not panic I heard he's here except for his throat. Headache, I have no problem. 

"Well, honey" when Isabel read I can not pay much attention "if your daughter is dangerous Disease if she is dead, know that she will be comfortable Both haunt Mr.Bentley under his order. " 

"Oh! I'm not afraid of her death at the moment. People will not die in small things A light cold will take care of.While she Stay there, it's okay.go see her There may be cars. " 

Elizabeth is very worried and decided to find her. Although there is no carriage;because it is not Female cavalry, walking is the only choice.She declared that Authorization. 

"As it can be so stupid, she cried her mother," I thought I liked it. One thing, in all this dirt!You will not fit You are there." 

"I'm very suitable to see Jane is what I want." 

"That means to me, pung," said his father, "Send people to go Horse?" 

"No, it's true, I do not want to avoid walking. When a motivated person, nothing;Only three kilometers.I will be back For dinner." 

"I admire my good behavior," said Mary, "but Every feeling should be guided by rationality;And in my Restoration, work, always has to be with what Required." 

"Come on to Merrin," Catherine said. Lydia.Isabel accepted her communication, three young people Women start together. 

"If we come quickly," said Lydia, "maybe we You can see something in front of Carter's captain. " 

In Merriniya, they were separated;The two younger children were sent to the residence Officer's wife, Elizabeth continues One person, passing fast another place, jumping Steel and impatient actions jumped in the puddle, as well as I finally found myself in the field of vision at home, exhausted Ankle, dirty socks and warm colors Exercise. 

She was taken to the breakfast room except that the others are there. Collection together, where her appearance created a lot She has to go so early 3 km During the day in such a dirty time a person is almost incredible Mrs. Receiving Lady and Miss Bentley;Elizabeth is sure They despise her.However, she received a lot Treat them politely;The way to your brothers Better than courtesy;Have a good mood and Mr.Daxie said very little, Mr.Heest said nothing. Everything.The first is divided into brilliant admiration Which exercises affect the color of the skin and the suspects This proves that she is still. Think about his breakfast. 

Request after his sister did not receive a good answer. Miss Buntte is sleepy, although she is sleeping, but a lot of fever too It's not good enough, she can not get out of her room.Elizabeth is very happy to pick up It is immediately;simple, just buckle I'm afraid to prepare or inconvenience because it is expressed in notes How long does she want to visit like this, am I happy with her? Input.However, it is not the same in many conversations, but When Ms.Bentley left them, I can try. In addition to the express of gratitude to unusual Elizabeth looked at her. 

After breakfast, the sisters joined them;and Elizabeth starts them when she sees them. They experienced feelings and concerns.Pharmaceutical Come and check your patient, say maybe Suppose she has a hard cold, they should Work hard to beat him;It is recommended that she go back to bed. And she promised to give her some water.This offer is easily accepted. Her head is painful due to increased fever. Elizabeth did not leave his room for a moment and another Ladies are often absent;gentlemen come out, they actually have Do not do anything else. 

When the clock sounded three hours, Elizabeth thought he had to go, and It's very unhappy.MS.Bentley gave him a carriage, She is just taking a little pressure, only Miss.Bentley cares when he is separated from her. The chair of the armchair should be converted into an invitation. Temporarily in Niger field.Thank you, Elizabeth I agree, the servant sent Langburn to understand the situation. The family, leaving her, returned her clothes. 

Chapter eight 

5 hours, two women withdrew to wear clothes, more than half Six Elizabeth was called to eat. So she arrived, she was very happy. The strong division of care of Mr.Bent, she It is impossible to give a very favorable answer.Not The sisters heard, repeating three or four How much sadness are they shocks? Heavy cold, and how they do not like themselves; So I do not think it's one thing: Your Index To arrive soon, not before them, restored Isabel Enjoy your original everyone does not like. 

In fact, your brothers are the only ones at the party. You can consider anyone free.It bothers Obviously your attention is the most enjoyable and they Block it looks like she thinks it's an intruder. Everyone thinks she is.She rarely noticed Beyond him, Ms.Bentley was focused on Sister Daxi. It's difficult;As for mr.Hester, Elizabeth sits next to him, he Lazy man, he's just for food, drink and play Card;when he thinks she prefers not cooked vegetarian dishes, Nothing to say. 

After dinner, she returned to the crane, lady. Bentley began to abuse her in the room. Management is considered very bad, mixed with pride And coarse;She did not say, no style, no taste, no beauty. Mrs.Hest also thinks about it and adds to the road. 

"In short, it can recommend it, but as I will never forget her appearance. Good Morning.She looks very crazy. " 

"She does Luisha. I can not hold my face. There's no joke!Why should she escape? About this country because her sister is cold?Her hair is so Not carefully, very bragging! " 

"Yes, there is still your blouse; I hope you can see your blush, 6 inches In the mud I am absolutely determined; It's not hard to hide it does not make your office. " 

"Your photos can be very precise, Louise," Bentley said;"but is He was completely lost.I thought Ms.Elizabeth Bannet looked at him. She is very good when she enters the room in the morning.Is it over there The dirty paddock ignored my attention. " 

"You see, mr. Daxi, I believe," said Miss Binglay. "I'm inclined to think you do not want to see your Sisters make such an exhibition. " 

Of course not. 

"Take 3 km or 4 km, or 5 km, or something else It is, in the soil on the ankle, a man alone, very alone!That it Does she mean that?In my opinion, it seems disgusting Annex to independence, indifferent to small rural cities Tag." 

"It shows that love is very happy with your sister," Said Bentley. 

I'm very afraid of Mr.Daxi, Miss. Look, "This adventure affected her admiration. Your beautiful eyes. " 

"No," he replied;"The exercises animate them." After the speech, a small pause was released, and Mrs.Hest started again. 

"I really respect Miss. Bannett, she really is Very good girl, sincerely hope she's okay. It is decided.But there's a father like that, so low Contact, I'm afraid there is no chance. " 

"I think I heard you say that their uncle is a lawyer. Melton. " 

"Yes, they still have a man who lives next to Cipai." 

"It's the capital," added his sister, all laughing. Sincerely. 

"If they have enough uncle to fill all the money" -Grite "It will not make them a little happier." 

"But it will significantly reduce your ability to marry men Any attention "Please answer Daizhen. 

Bentley did not answer for this speech;But his sisters gave. They sincerely agree and The price of your dear friend is vulgar. 

However, with a soft recovery, they returned to your room. Leave the restaurant, sit with it until it is called. She's still weak, Elizabeth does not give up. She is awake at night when she is comfortable. I saw her sleeping when she felt I'm very happy to go downstairs. Living room, she found all the party in the bathroom. Immediately invited to join them;but doubts that they She was high, refused, and put her sister as an excuse. She said she was having fun in a short time. Mr.Hest is surprised to see her. 

"Compared to the cards, do you prefer to read?"he said;"It's more like Odd number." 

"Miss Ilez Bannett," said Miss Bentley, "despise the map. She Excellent readers are not interested in anything else. " 

"I must not praise, and I must not blame," he cried. Elizabeth;"I'm not a great reader, I'm very happy. Many things." 

"When you care about your sister, I believe you are very happy," he said. Bentley;"I hope to see that it will increase soon." Very good." 

Elizabeth Thank you heart and then go to a Several book lying on the table.He immediately offered Bring other people;Everything offers in his library. 

"I hope to make you my own interests, my collection is even more." Credit;But I'm a guy who does not matter although I do not have much, but I More than my investigation. " 

Elizabeth guarantees him, she can adapt perfectly The room. 

Elizabeth guarantees him, she can adapt perfectly The room. 

"I'm surprised," said Miss Bentley, my father must Leave collections so small.What a beautiful library Lord, you are in Biberide! " 

"It must be good," he replied, "is the work of many people. Generations. " 

"So you have increased so much, you always Buy a book. " 

"I can not understand the negligence of the family library on that day. Just like these. " 

"Ignore! I believe you did not ignore any increase. Beautiful place is beautiful.Charles, when you build your House, I hope it can be as pleasant as Penberley. " 

"I hope you can." 

"But I really suggest you buy Neighbor, light janberly.Have to There is no better county in Badby County, England. " 

"All your heart; if you're ready, I'll buy a ball. Sell it. " 

"I'm talking about opportunities, Charles." 

"According to my words, Caroline, I think it's more likely Pengbole is a purchase, not an imitation. " 

All that Elizabeth did was deep, so she left her. Little worried about her book, I'll put it down. Also, it's close to the table, stay firm Between mr.Bentley and his older sister, watch the game. 

Miss Davec is growing from spring?Said Miss Bentley; "Will she be as high as I?" 

"I think she goes. She's about Miss Elizabeth Bunnet now. Height or above. " 

"How much I want to see you again! I've never seen anyone. I am very happy.Such a man, so polite! -TC This is very achieved at this age!Is it over there The piano is very delicate. " 

"That makes me surprise," Binley said, "you will have many small women." Patients are as good as they. " 

"All the girls got! My dear Charles, what did you do? Yes?" 

"Yes, I think of them. They all attract tables, cover the screen, And a clean wallet.I almost do not know who I can not. I'm sure I've never heard a girl, I never mentioned the first time. Time, do not say it is very achieved. " 

"The usual degree of holding the list says it is given, "There is a lot of truth. This term is suitable for many women In addition to obtaining a wallet or cover Screen, but I do not agree with you. General MS is appreciated.I can not brag. In all my friends, more than six It's really successful. " 

"I'm not sure," said Miss Bentley. 

"So" Elizabeth said, "You understand a lot His thoughts about a successful woman. " 

"Yes, I really understand that." 

"Oh, of course, you cry your faithful assistant:" No one can The people who actually respected have achievements will not exceed It is usually found.Women should fully understand Music, singing, painting, dancing and modern language It is worth having this word;In addition, it must have a Her air and some things on walking, Your voice, your address and expression, or this word Half deserves. " 

She must have added Dacheng, You should also add some essential things, Her idea is through a wide range of reading. " 

"I do not know you more-only-six surprised reports I want to know if you know. " 

"Do you have such a strictly supposed genre? In all this? " 

"I've never seen such a woman. I've never seen this skill, but As you described, taste, application and elegance are united. " 

Mrs. Hest, Miss.Bentley, an unfair is required She intended to doubt to protest against them to know Many answers to this woman when you.Hest called They are on the menu, complaining of pain, they do not pay attention What happens next.So all the conversation After the end, Elizabeth left the room soon. 

Miss.Bentley said when the door closed. In it "is one of the girls looking for a recommendation. Underestimated their genre, they are another genre; I dare say that many people got it.But in my opinion, this The touch of the equipment, very suitable art. " 

"Undoubtedly," answered Daizhen, this evaluation is basically "All art spoke, ladies Sometimes he is hired to win. This is negligible from affine. " 

Miss.Bentley is not fully satisfied with this answer. Continue with this. 

Elizabeth joined them, just said that his sister Worse, she can not leave her.Bentley called Mr.Shikang Sent immediately;and your sisters are sure National recommendations may be any service, recommended by Express The city is one of the most notable doctors.Will not do this I've heard of it;But she is not willing to obey them. Brother's proposal;mr.Shikang If Bannet was not sure, I would send people in the morning. That's better.Bentley is very uncomfortable;her sisters announced They are very painful. However, singing after lunch can not find better It is better to relieve your feelings than your love from home. All possible attention can be sent sick and she Big sisters. 

Chapter nine 

Elizabeth spent the night shift into her sister's room. I'm very happy to send patiently. Answer, she has already received a request from a gentleman. Bentley is a maid for a while, two people Waiting for the elegance of his sisters. However, the change, she asked to send a note Langburn, I hope your mother visits Krana and make her own To judge her situation.Note immediately issued. And your content is so fast.Mrs. Bennet, Accompanied by his two smaller daughters, soon arrived in the field Niger Family after breakfast. 

If she thinks there is some obvious risk, Bannett It is very painful, but I see it very satisfied. She does not want to rehabilitate her. Immediately because your health recovery may disappear That's why she does not hear her. The daughter returned home for the offer; A pharmacist that will come at the same time will think about it. I suggest.After some time please lose Appearance and invitation Bentley, mother and three The daughters took her to the breakfast room. When you see them, I hope Lady Baneta has not found Miss.Bantte. It's better than she imagined. 

"I really have, sir," she replied."She is also very good I have to move.Mr.Shikang said we can not consider her transmission. We must repeat her kindness. " 

"Delete!"He cried Bentley."You should not be thinking. My sister, I dare be sure, I will not hear her rejected message. " 

"You can trust that, Ma'am," said Miss Bentley. Kindly, "Miss Bunta will get her best. When she is with us. " 

Mrs.Bantte is very grateful to her. 

"I dare be sure," he added, "if it is not because of such a good friend, I will do that. I do not know what she's going to do because she's very sick. And suffered enormous losses despite The world is always the way her because she has no, no Exception, this is the sweetest character I've ever seen.I usually say My other girls have nothing to her.You have a sweet room Here mr.Bentley, the fascinating prospective of the gravel road. I do not know a place in this country equal Nigfield.You do not want to give up, I I hope, although you only have short-term income. " 

"No matter what I do, I was in a hurry," he replied;"If I have to be determined to leave the Niger field, I can leave Five minutes.However, I currently think I'm quite Fixed here. " 

"That's what I have to think of you," he said. Elizabeth. 

"You're starting to understand me, are not you?"He cried, turning around. She is. 

"Oh! Yes-I totally understand you." 

"I hope I can use this as a compliment; but it's easy to be so simple I'm afraid it's bad. " 

"Things happen like that. Do not necessarily follow deeply and complex Personal or less than people like you deserve respect. " 

"Park Moon," he cried his mother, remember where you are, not He continues to run with the brutality he suffered at home. " 

"I did not know before," Bentley continued, "You It is a human explorer.It's an interesting study. " 

"Yes; but complex characters are the most interesting. They have to At least it's an advantage. " 

"," Of Wei ", very little The themes of this class are studying.The country of the neighborhood is moving in its movement A very limited and constant society. " 

"But people have changed a lot, so there's a new one." Always see them. " 

"Yes, it really is," Lady Banete cried, and he was broken his way. It is mentioned in the field."I promise you What happened in rural areas and things happened in the city. " 

Everyone is very surprised;Daxi read it For a while he turned to leave.Mrs. Bennet, your fantasy has Fully overcome and continued his victory. 

"I can not see the proportion of London As far as I said, the country, beyond the store and public places.In Country is very good Country, do not promise? " 

"When I'm in the country," he said, "I never want to leave. IT'S;When I'm in the city, it's almost the same.They have to Everyone has their advantages, I'm also happy with anyone. " 

"Yes, it's because you have the right personality. But no Sir, dOne. Wei "seems to think that this country Nothing at all. " 

"Actually, Mom, you're wrong," Elizabeth said, dreaming Her mother."You mistakenly thought Mr. Dadi. He just said The diversity of people are not satisfied You must admit that this is true as a country in the city. " 

"Of course, dear, no one said; but as if not Know many people around this, I believe there There are very few blocks.I know we're going to have lunch together. Four 20 families. " 

In addition to Elizabeth, there is nothing to do Bentley to continue Her sister is not very fragile and directs her. Looking at mr.Daxi with a smile of expressiveness.Elizabeth, To say that some can change your mother Idea, now I'm going to ask her that Charlotte Lucas go to La Ben Because she's leaving. 

"Yes, she was yesterday, and her father touched on the phone. What a good person. Sir William, Sr.Bentley ... is not it?So many people who Elegant!It's so elegant and simple!He always has something to say. This is my opinion of good reproduction;Are those people They think they are very important, never open, This thing is wrong. " 

"Charlotte eats with you?" 

No, she goes home.I think she wanted. " Shaped mint pie.From what I said, mr.Bentley, I always hire servants. Can make your own work;_ My daughter is Different.but each one should judge if I guarantee that Lucas is a good girl.Unfortunately They are not beautiful!I do not think Charlotte is very much. Just say, but she's our special friend. " 

"She looks like a pretty woman," Bentley said. 

"Oh! Expensive, yes; but you should admit that it is very common. Lucus lady She often said that, envy me with simple beauty.I do not know what to do I like to boast about my own baby, but I'm sure Jane-Man will not I often see someone with better appearance.That's what everyone said.I know that I do not believe in my preferences.When she is only 15 years old, there is A gentleman in the city of Gagida, I love her a lot. I'm sure he'll give you a quote before. We left.However, he did not.Maybe he thinks about her. Too young.However, he wrote some poems about her, very beautiful Yes." 

"So your feelings," Isabel said impatiently. I think many people overcome the same.I would like to know Which first discovered the effect of driving poetry Love!" 

"I used to treat poetry as love for love," he said. Daxi. 

"It can be beautiful, thick, healthy. All feeding It's very strong.But if it's just small, fine I usually believe that a good fourteen poem will make hungry It's totally complete. " 

Daxi only laughed;Subsequent Universal Pauses Elizabeth was trembling to expose her mother. We are again.She wants to speak, but I can not think of what to say; After a brief silence, the lady in the bath began to repeat her thanks. Thank you for mr.Bentley to the simple too Park Moon also suffered him.Mr.Bentley does not hide and is educated In his response, making his sister be educated, too, She has her own power. She is not very kind, but Lady Baneta is very satisfied. Soon she asked for her carriage.According to this signal, Her little daughter.These two girls have He whispers throughout the visit. As a result, the smallest child must pay taxes on Mr.Bent. When he came to this country, he promised to give a Niger ball. 

Lydia short, 15 year old Mature girl with beautiful Skin color and humor;your favorite Mother, her feelings make her very open, very public. Age: She has a very high animal spirit and nature Self-sufficient, officer's attention, Your uncle and your simple way So she's very same, In the case of dance, mr.Bentley, suddenly Let him remember her commitment;and add it, will be the most If he does not stay with him, it's shameful in the world.He is right This sudden attack makes your mother feel happy. 

"I guarantee that I am totally ready to continue my participation; When your sister is rehabilitated, if you want, you have to say On the day of the ball.But you will not want to dance until She is sick." 

Lydia claimed she was very satisfied."Oh! Yes-There will be a lot It's best to wait until he arrives at that time. The captain will return to Merriton.When you give "Your ball," he added, "I get them. And too ... I'll say welcome if he Not." 

The lady and her daughter are leaving, Elizabeth. Now I'm going back to Briefing, leaving my own and your relationship Conduct of two mr.Daxi; However, you can not convince the latter to join They accused it, although the beautiful words of Bentley The project is completed, the system is automatically filled 

Chapter ten years 

This day is like the day before.Mrs. Hest and Miss.Bingley spent several hours in the morning Invalid although slow, it is still repairing; At night, Elizabeth participated in her party in the living room.In However, the toilet table did not appear.Mr. Daxi writes, and Miss.Bentley sat down beside him and looked at her progress. Letters and draws your attention to the information Your sister.Mr. Hest and mr.Bentley in the Pi neighborhood, and the lady Herseter is seeing his game. 

Elizabeth raises a little stitching live, was surprised Pay attention to the relationship between Daxi and his companions. By the constant praise of this lady, whether in her calligraphy, Or her line is very flat, or its writing length, She was praised, Form a strange conversation and combine it totally All opinions. 

"Happy Miss Dakao received such a letter, it will be!" 

He did not answer. 

"You're so fast." 

"You're wrong. I wrote very slowly." 

"How many letters should you write on Know? One year!Business lyrics too!I think it's disgusting They!" 

"So fortunately, they belong to me instead Your" 

"Please tell you that my sister wants to see her." 

"I once said according to his will." 

"I'm afraid you do not like your pen. Let me fix it for you. I'm a The handle is repaired very well. " 

"Thank you, but I always fix it." 

"How can you write this apartment?" 

He is silent. 

"Tell your sister that I am very happy to hear her Harp, pray, let her know Beautiful table of her is small design, I think Absolutely better than Miss Grand. " 

"Can you let me postpone my ecstasy until I write a letter? Are we again?I currently have no place to treat them fairly. " 

"Oh! It's not cramped. I'll see her in January. But not Mr. Daxi, do you always write a charm so long from a letter? " 

"They are usually too long; but always charming, it's not Decide me. " 

"My rule is who can write a long letter Easy, you can not write wrong. " 

"This is not the compliment of D. A. Wei, Caroline," she cried. Brother, "because he is not easy. He also learned There are many words in four syllables. 

"My style of lyrics are very different from you." 

"Oh!"Miss Bentley cried, "Charles wrote the most cautious way He lost half of the words, the stain. Take a rest." 

"My thoughts are so fast, so I do not have time to express them-through This means that my letter sometimes has no idea. News reporter." 

"Your humility, mr. Bentley," said Elizabeth, "it must be a relief. Fault." 

"Nothing to lie to say, present, more than appearance Modest.It is usually just a heartless heart, sometimes Enjoying Indirect. " 

"Which of these two is my closest part Modesty?" 

"If you are indirectly; because you really are for you Writing because you think they are developing fast Heart of thought and execution, if not Worth what you think is very interesting, at least.Power Quickly do anything ever Owners, and often did not realize Performance.when you say bannet this morning You decided to leave the Niger field, you should enter Five minutes, it means it's a bit like a panegrika, Praise-but what is so worthy of praise The deposition of the required business must be canceled. Is there any real benefit for you or other people? " 

"No," Bentley cried, "it's too much, I can not remember at night." These stupid words that were said in the morning. Judging an adult, I believe that what I said is true, I I believe at the moment.So at least I do not have any hypothesis Characteristics of unnecessary-just show Women." 

"I dare say that you believe it; but I never believe You'll make it so happy.Your behavior will be enough As if I knew, depending on the possibility;If, like you Just driving a horse, friend will say, "Bentley, you have "Better stay next week," you can do it, you will Maybe do not go in other words, it can be a month. " 

"You can only prove it," Elizabeth cried, "Lord. Bentley has no just personality.You already showed He is more than himself now. " 

"I'm very happy," Bentley said, his transformation How does my friend say for my sweetness? But I'm afraid you'll give it a turning point. The Lord is never intended;he will definitely think If that's the case, I'll give you an apartment. Refused and get out as soon as possible. " 

Will Duay consider his original recklessness? Stubborn, insisting on compensating? " 

"Honestly, I will also explain that it is unclear, Daxi should Talk about yourself. " 

"You want me to explain your opinion Mine, but I never accepted.Solve this situation, However, to be in accordance with your statement, you should Miss Banet, remember a friend who should strive He returned home, late plan, only I want to support Your relevance. " 

"It's easy to give up friends. Your advantage. " 

"No faith is right Understand any of them. " 

"You seem to be my husband Friendship and feelings. Always make an easy to pass the order, not waiting The conversation will cause your cause between.I did not say much. What do you think of Bentley. Ok maybe wait until the situation happens in us Then discuss the discretion of your behavior.But in general One of the usual occasions between friends and friends, a The other side wants to change resolution is not too big At the moment you should think that the person is obedient We wish, are we waiting for a dispute? " 

"Is not it reasonable before we continue to discuss this? More accurate arrangements Related consultation as well as Is there any proximity between the two sides? " 

"Anyway," Bentley cried;"Let's hear all the details, Do not forget your height and size relative; Miss Banet, more than is in the conversation I guarantee, if you do not have such a big one. Hide, compared to me, I do not have to pay you half I say I do not know. Daxi, in some cases, in a certain place;in your Especially his own home, Sunday night when No one can do. " 

Mr.Daxie laughed, but Elizabeth believed she could. He is very upset, so he placed his laughter. Bentley hated her insulted with enthusiasm. Advise your brother to say that nonsense. 

"I saw your design, Bentley," said his friend."You do not like it Arguard and wants to be quiet. " 

"Maybe I'll know. The debate also looks like an argument. If you and I Miss Bunte will post it late to leave the room, I go Much obliged;So you can say something you like me. " 

"Your request," said Elizabeth, "It is not the victim on my side; and Mr. Yes Xi best write your letter. " 

Mr.Davets accepted his proposal and completed his letter. 

After the end of the business, he requested Miss Bentley. There is music in Elizabeth. With the dexterity of the piano after polite consultation Elizabeth will take the road and others politely She denied her position. 

Mrs.Hest and her sister died when they were like this. Elizabeth was hired when she turned, did not see. Some musical books on the instrument, sir. Dakao's eyes looked at her. It can be a great person to admire the object; However, he should look at her because he does not like her, yet She can only imagine her. I got his attention because she's a bit wrong According to his correct thinking, he must be convicted Guys, this speculation did not make her feel pain.She likes him Very little, you can not get his confession. 

After playing some Italian songs, Miss Bentley changed the charm. Busy Scottish air;SR soon Mr.Dadi is painted Elizabeth, told her ... 

"Miss Bunnet, you do not have many desires to get such Dance Opportunities? " 

She laughed, but did not answer. Her silence made her surprise. 

"Oh!"She said, "I've heard you before; but I can not at once. Decide what to answer.I know you want me to say "Yes", you can be very happy to despise my taste; But I am always happy to bring down these programs, and Deceive the final man.I have, So I decided to tell you, I do not want to Skip into a roll-up you dare, now I despise myself. " 

"I really do not dare." 

Elizabeth is waiting for him, but he hit Her bold;But there is a mixture of sweet and bow Her behavior makes it difficult for someone to pay; And Daxi never took a woman to him. Is it over there.he really thinks that if it is not because of incomplete His relationship must be dangerous. 

Miss.Bentley had seen or suspected of being confused. I feel very worried about my dear friend. She got rid of some help. 

It often tries to provoke the guests of Daxi to provide it. Talk about your so-called weddings and plan your happiness. This league. 

"I hope" when they are together According to bush day: "You will give you mother-in-law Advice, when this perfect event happens on the benefits Keep your tongue;If you can compass, you should heal The girl will get the officer.If I can say this Thin theme, strive to check these little things, Almost his own and coarse, his women Have." 

"Do you have a suggestion for my family of happiness?" 

"Oh! Yes. Make sure you make your uncle and picture of your aunt. Put in the Pengbole gallery.Put them on you They are doing the same business, Only in different rows.As for your photo, Elizabeth, you Do not try to take it because the artist can treat justice These beautiful eyes? " 

"In fact, it is not easy to understand your expressions, but They have colors and shapes and also eyelashes, very good, Can be copied. " 

At that time, Mrs.Hett and Elizabeth i. 

"I do not know if you want to walk," Miss.bentley Some are confused not to be misplaced. 

"Which of these two is my closest part Modesty?" 

"You gave us pain in the cream," said Mrs.HEST, "escape I did not tell us it was out. " 

Then she took off the shoulder from Daxi, left Isabel. I'll go alone.This road only leaves three.Mr. Daxi thinks They were rude, they said, 

"This walk is not wide enough for our party. We'd better go away. Out there." 

But Elizabeth, she does not want to be with her. They laughed and answered, 

"No, no; stay on earth. You're also lovely packs. It looks like there are unusual advantages. In fourth place.Goodbye." 

Then she ran happily as she I hope to go home again or later.Jane is already like this Restore very well, I intend to leave my room several Tonight. 

Chapter 11 

When the women left, Elizabeth ran to her. My sister, I saw that she was very happy to resist the cold, and I looked at her. Room where she is welcome by two friends Many happy quarries;Isabel never saw them It's like they were so kind in the last hours. Sr appears.His talk is Very well.They can describe exactly the fun, Link anecdote and humor, laugh at your friends With spirit. 

But when you come, it's the first. Object;Miss's eyes.Bentley immediately saw DaTisha, Before he progresses, she has something to tell him. Step.He politely told Miss.bannet Congratulations;Mr.Heest is also kindly attached to her, and he said "I'm very happy," but the diffusion and heat still exist Bentley's greetings.It's full of joy and attention.First I spent half an hour trying to make fire to avoid her suffering. Of a change house;She left because of her desire On the other side of the chimney, she can leave Then he sat down beside her, hardly telling anyone. Others.Elizabeth works in the opposite corner and saw everything Very happy. 

After drinking tea, mr.Hest reminded him of his nephew. Card-but useless.She has private intelligence Mr. Davec does not want a card;mr.hester quickly open Even his public petition was also rejected.She promised to him that no one I intend to play, and the silence of the whole party The subject seems to protect it.Then mr.HEST has nothing to do with it. Do this, but you have to stretch on one of them and then sleep. Daxi took the book;Miss Bentley did this;Mrs.Hest, Most of the time busy playing with their bracelets and rings, Sometimes add your brother and lady to talk Bannet. 

Attention and observation of MSTA.bentley Mr.Davets passed his book on how to read his own book; She is always dealing with the problem or looking at Her page.However, she can not beat any of her conversations;he He just answered her question and then continued reading.Finally, a lot Because trying to get tired of her book, She just chooses because she's the second tone of him, she I scream, said, "Flower Tonight!I announced that there was no fun after all. I like to read!The tire is greater than the tire. Book!When I have my own home, if I There is not a great library. " 

No one is responding.Then she knocked together. Book, go to the room to find some Fun;When he listened to his brother to mention the ball to lose Bannet, suddenly she turned to him. 

"Goodbye, Charles, you really think about Dancing in the field of Niger?I suggest you before deciding. This is to solve the current party's will;I'm very It is wrong that no one is hit by the ball. It is best to say that this is a punishment. " 

"If you, you, your brother shouted," Go to bed if he Choice before starting-but as the ball, it's beautiful Resolved things;Nicoli made white soup Enough, I'll send my card. " 

"I prefer the ball," she replied, "if they are Lead in different ways;But some things In the usual process of such encounter he is unbearable.He Definitely will be more rational if you talk instead Dancing is the most important day. " 

"Rationality, my dear Caroline, I dare, but it goes Do not close like a ball. " 

Miss.Bentley did not answer, she got up soon. She enters the room.Figure is elegant, walk OK;But Daishi, your goal is still stubborn School.in desperate emotions she decided More effort and back to Elizabeth and says: 

"Miss Ilez Banet, let me convince you as an example, Turn the circle in the room. Sit for so long. " 

Elizabeth was surprised, but immediately agreed. Bentley is equally successful in its courtesy; D. One. Чрень looked up.Is not sleeping focus focus In the same neighborhood, Elizabeth, there unconsciously Close your book.He was invited to attend their party, but He refused and discovered that he could only imagine two reasons. Because they decided to walk together in the room, Any motivation will interfere."Which Does he mean?She really wants to know that there can be it What does this mean? -Se ask Isabel to understand He? 

She replied, but trusting him, he means what it means Treat us hard, let it go the most reliable way to Do not ask anything. " 

However, Miss.Bentley can not allow mr.Daxi is disappointed In everything and therefore insisted on explaining Your two reasons. 

"I do not care about the explanation," he said, She let him speak."Or you choose this The method passes at night because of the other Of course, and you have a secret thing, or because you Recognizing that your number seems to be the biggest advantage When walking;If this is the first, I will completely interfere with you, and If this is the second when I sit down Fire." 

"Oh! Shocked!" Miss Bentley screams. "I never heard such a word. How are we going to punish our speech? " 

"There's nothing easier than that if you're interested," he said. Elizabeth."We can all get rid of each other and punish each other. He's laughing at him.Although you are close, you should know how Finish." 

"But with my honor I did not. I assure you for my intimate. I did not teach myself.The toy is quiet and The existence of the soul!No, no;I think he can resist us there.For what Laughs, if you want, we will not expose us Trying to laugh without an item.Mr. Duay can embrace Himself." 

"Mr. Dadi should not be marked!"He cried Elizabeth."This is a Unusual advantage, I hope it is continued because it is There are so many friends for me a great loss.I have I really like to laugh. " 

"Miss Bentley," he said, "it's a lot of confidence. The smartest and best-no, the smarter and better Action-can be funny people that can be taken first goal Life is a joke." 

"Of course," Elizabeth replied- "There's such a person, but I hope I'm not one of them.I hope to never laugh at what is wise. Very good.Stupid and absurd, open and contradictory fantasy, _ Upload my attention, I have, I will laugh at them as much as possible.But that, I do not think you're there. " 

"Maybe it's impossible for everyone. But it's always been like this. Learn my life to avoid those who often exposed There is a strong understanding of the acosis. " 

"As vanity and pride." 

"Yes, vanity is very weak. But pride is where there is Really bigger, pride will always be in good condition Regulation. " 

Elizabeth turned to hide her smile. 

"I think your check is over," said Miss said Bentley;"What is prayer?" 

"I deeply believe that Mr. Dadi had no defect. It's that it is Do not cover. " 

"No," Daxi, "I do not have this type. I have urgency. Enough, but I hope you can not understand.My character I can guarantee this.I think it's very little. Summit-of course, very little for the convenience of light.I have I can not forget the stupid and harmful habits of others as soon as possible. It's not their charity for me. Try to move them every time.My character can be The link is called resentment.I lost it once, I will never lose. " 

"It's really a failure!"He cried Isabel. Resentment is the shadow of the paper.But you chose you. The error is very good.I really can not laugh at it.You're safe for me. " 

"I believe there is a trend in every person Special evil is a natural defect, not even the best Education can be overcome. " 

"Your fault is to hate everyone." 

And you, he laughed and replied, deliberately. It's wrong to study them. " 

"Let's listen to music," Miss Bentley cried, tired. It does not change the dialogue."Luisha, you will not. I mean sir.heest? " 

Her sister does not hesitate to resist, piano. Open;Daxi, after the moment, Jalon also began to feel the risk of payment Elizabeth Please take note. 

Chapter 12 

Due to the agreement between the sisters of Isabel The next morning I wrote a letter to my mother, please, his carriage. It can be sent to them within a day.But Bennet, She calculated her daughter went to Niger's field while Next Tuesday, ending a simple week, I can not accept them happy.Is it over there Then the answer is not adequate at least Elizabeth's wishes because she can not wait home.Madam Bannet says they can not have Transportation until Tuesday;added to its possession If mr.Bentley, he calls them to have some time, she It can be very well preserved.Still, do not stay longer, Elizabeth yes solves this problem-is not very expected It will be suggested;on the contrary, afraid of being considered She asked her brief man to worry too much. Mr. Carriage.Bentley now. They left the original design of the Niger field this morning. The mention should be made and requested. 

Communication stimulated many professions that deserve attention;that's enough They say they want to stay at least the next day. To work;Until you delayed tomorrow. Miss.Bentley regretted having proposed delaying because She is much more than jealousy and the disgust of her sister. Feelings of each other. 

Home owner listening to them Will go so soon, try to convince Miss Bantte It is not safe for her-she is not enough rehab;but Jane confirmed she's right. 

Mr. Daxie, this is the popular-elizabeth w information Nigfield is enough time.She attracts more than he-and Miss.Bentley smiled more than usual. Himself.He decided to be very careful, not Signs of Admiral must now get away from him, there is nothing With the hope of improving your happiness;wise If someone puts this idea, It should be the material weight when confirming or changing the last day. He insisted on his purpose, he hardly said his ten words. Whole Saturday although they left They insisted in half an hour, he was very serious. His book does not even look at her. 

Sunday after the end of the morning service, separated, very happy It almost happened.Educated Miss.Bentley Elizabeth. Finally, increase and it Jane;when they separate, guarantee the last She is always very happy to see her in good faith. Or Nigfield, the most kindly embracing her, she even trembles Hand with first.All Elizabeth Parties The most active spirit. 

Your mothers do not sincerely receive them at home.Madam Bannet wants to know your arrival and think they are very wrong So many problems, I definitely got a cold for a while We are again.But his father, although his expression is very simple I am very happy to see them;He feels them The importance of domestic circles.Talk at night when All of them configured, have lost much animation and Almost all feelings are missing because of Jane Elizabeth. 

As usual, they discovered that Mary was studying carefully low and Humanity;There are some extracts worthy of appreciation and some new He hears the observation of ancient moral.Catherine and Ludia provides different types of information.Many of From the beginning, there was a lot in the Legion. Fourth;various police officers recently and Uncle, a particular person was beaten, actually Enter adoption to get married. 

Chapter 13 

"I hope, dear," said Mr.Bantte for his wife, as they were Eat breakfast the next morning: "You have a luxury dinner. Today because I have reasons to expect our family to increase Party." 

"Dear, what do you mean? I know that no one will come, I Of course, if Charlott Luke does not call-hope My dinner is very good for her.I do not believe her often I saw something at home. " 

"The man I said is a lord and a stranger." 

Bunnet women's eyes are brilliant."Lord and strange! It is Mr. Bentley, I'm sure!Well, I believe I'll be very happy. Go to you.Bentley.I really did not see!It's no I need some fish today.Luaya, my love, touch bell-i At the moment, we should talk to the hill. " 

"Not folded," her husband said;"it's a man I've never seen in my life. " 

This caused a general surprise;and very happy Your wife and five daughters seek to ask One day. 

After using his curiosity, it is a period of time, is therefore Explain: 

"About a month ago I received this letter; about two weeks I answered earlier because I think this is a thin example, and I need an early concern.This is the letter that my brother Collins sent. After I die, who will get you from this house as soon as possible. As it is ready. " 

"Oh! Darling," cries his wife, "I can not stand these Pray not to talk about a disgusting person.I really think it's The most difficult thing in the world is that your property should Stay away from your baby;I dare be sure if I have Yes, I'm trying for a long time to do something or another About this." 

Jane Elizabeth is trying to explain to her. Need.They often try to do this, but this The subject of Mrs.Bunte can not understand, but She continues to complain about the decision of a Stay away from a family of five daughters who promote a man Nobody cares. 

"This is certainly a very unfair subject," said Mr.BANTTE, and Nothing can let Mr.Collins get rid of his inheritance. But if you're ready to hear his letter, you can I loved him to express his way. " 

"No, I'm sure I will not; I think it's a lot He put them more or less, and he was very hypocritical. Why can not he continue fighting? With you, how did his father do it before doing it? " 

"Why, really; he looks a bit worried You will hear this head. " 

"Huntsford, near Kenstan, October. 

"Dear Sir, "The difference between you and me already exist Dear Father always makes me very hard because I Unfortunately lost, often cure hope But after a while I stopped by my own suspicion, I worry not about your memory And anyone happy do to maintain a good relationship Inconsistent. . - "There's a lady in the bath & ldquo; -no But my thoughts are now On this issue because of the Easter event is named. I'm very lucky to be sponsor. Dear catherine burrd, jazz lou Lewis, his generosity and kindness makes me prefer This parish pavilion, this is my sincere Working hard to tell on Lady, ready to perform the ceremony Founded in England the church. As a shepherd, In addition, I feel that promote and create blessings is my responsibility. I have a world of all households within the scope; These reasons I was alone, my current offer Very commendable and I'm next The need for romantic property is ignored Although not allow you to leave the branch of olive tree provided. I am one In addition to anxiety, it is impossible to get sick. His youngest daughter, please let it apologize for it because At the same time I'll guarantee you, I will do my best to let them Sure, but it's the future. If you do not mind Take me to your home, I recommend to myself. November 18, Monday, 4 pm, waiting for you and your family Can I put your hospitality while I can use anything on Saturday night. In case of inconvenience, Mrs. Catherine is never against me. Sunday sometimes gave the other The pastor is responsible for today's work. I was, dear. Sir, respectfully, I respect my ladies and respectfully daughters, his Blessings and friends, 

William collins 

"So at 4 o'clock we can expect a world like that. Lord, "said Mr Bantte, bending the letter." He has He seems to be the most responsible, more educated young One word, I doubt it is not a valuable knowledge. Especially if Catherine's wife should be so condescent, then he Let's meet." 

"However, he has reasons to evaluate these girls. If you're ready to compensate them, I will not become Convince him. " 

"Despite this difficulty," Jane ", I think you can use. I intend to make us repurchase, he thinks we deserve, desire Of course it's your credit. " 

Isabel mainly Mrs. Catherine, as well as her baptism, marriage, good intention, Burel residents of the parish, if necessary. 

"I think he must be a nerd," she said."I can not leave you Will you leave. "His style is that some of them." What else? That he regrets? "We can not Suppose, if you can, it will help. Gentlemen?" 

"No, honey, I do not think so. I really hope to meet you." It's just the opposite.Mixed service Self-esteem in your letter, the promise is very good.I have I can not wait to see it. " 

"Writing," said Mary, "this letter does not seem Broked.The idea of the tree branch may not be completely New, but I think it's very good. " 

For Catherine and forestry, this letter and its authors are not Any interesting degree.This is impossible The resort books should wear aloe jacket, now have a few weeks. Because they receive happiness from society Other colours.As for his mother, Mr.Collins wrote this. Stay away from her malice, she's getting ready to see him A certain degree of tranquility makes her husband and daughter shocked. 

Mr.Collins was issued and was very welcome. Courtesy of the whole family.Mr.Bante is very small; But women are ready to speak, mr. There is no need to encourage, not silent Himself.He is a tall and fat young man Five o'clock.his air is serious and solemn, his way He did not sit on him. The lady who praised the banete was so kind; He said he heard of his beauty, but in this case The reputation did not come to the truth;And she added, he did not I think she saw that they had been treated in due time. Some of her ears do not like such courage; But the lady in the shower did not praise, she answered more It's simple. 

"I dare be sure that you are so good; I sincerely desire It can prove that it is, otherwise they will be poor.Which It's so strange to settle down. " 

"Maybe you're insinuating the application of this property." 

"Ah! Lord, this is true. It's a serious thing for my poor daughter, You have to be frank.I do not want to find my fault because These things I know are an opportunity in this world.Not Learn how they will develop in heritage. " 

"Lady, I am very sensitive to my brother's suffering." I can say a lot on this subject, but I'm careful. But I can guarantee the young people The women I came are ready to enjoy them.I'm not going now Say more;but maybe when we are more familiar- " 

He was interrupted by the news about dinner;The girl laughed It is not the only items of mr.Collins. The hall, the restaurant and all furniture, Tested and praised;and your compliment for all He can touch the heart of the lady's flag, but humiliate Suppose he looks at everything as his future property. Dinner is greatly appreciated too;begins to know Which of your cousins are very good? But Lady Baneta put it there, she secured him Because of some rough, they can see well Chef, your daughter can do in the kitchen. Please forgive her unhappy.She wears a soft tone To say that you are not angry at all;but he continues I apologize for about 15 minutes. 

Chapter 14 

For dinner, Mr. bannte is hardly spoken; The servant was withdrawn, he thought it was time to eat Speaking to the guests, thus beginning the theme He hopes his light and noticed that he seems to be very Fortunately, guard it. Catherine bourrd Sounds too good to your desire and comfort to him. Amazing. Mr. bannte is better. Mr. collins praise is very eloquent. The will upgrade it to exceed subjects Usually serious relationships, the most important aspect is your Protest "he never witnessed such behavior in your life. In a normal person as he is as a kind and modest He experienced lady catherine. She was very elegant. I am very happy to agree to the two works ever published. Fortunately, I'm in front of her. She also asked him Two go to Rosmin just sent a man to him on Saturday. Before that, I had to do before its quad-core by the pool at night. Miss u Catherine believes that many people he knows, with pride, but he Besides being kind, she never saw anything. She always said, For him and other gentlemen, it is not Least objection to it join the society Neighbors and sometimes he left the group For two weeks, I went to visit his relatives. She even managed I believe he will marry as soon as possible, as long as he chooses Carefully I visited him when he accepted. pastor's place of residence, where she fully agrees with all the changes He did and even provided some suggestions. She owns several shelves on the floor of the closet. " 

"I dare to be sure, it's very appropriate and educated," said Mrs.Bantte, "I dare say she's a very good woman. Oops In general, the big lady is not like her.Does she live nearby? Are you a gentleman? " 

"A garden where my rough residence is just Little Beco Park Rosin, Lady's Residence. " 

"I think you said she was a widow, a gentleman? Is she from the family?" 

"She only has a daughter, a female inheritance of Lukin, and also A wide range of property. " 

"Ah!"Mrs.Banet squeezed his head."So she's better. More than many girls.What kind of girl is she?Is it over there Beautiful?" 

"She's really the most fascinating girl. Mrs. Catherine He said that true beauty is far away, Miss of Bor is far away. To be superior to your most beautiful sex because Her character is marked by this noble girl. Unfortunately, she is weak. Block progress in many achievements As far as I know, she can not fail Women responsible for education, it still lives And they ... but she is very friendly and often does well Driving through my simple residence she uses her small teng and pony. " 

"Is it introduced? I do not remember her name. Srs. On the court. " 

"Your index, unfortunately, stopped it." City;So, as I once said to Lady Catherine, Surrounded by well decorated filobal decoration.Is it over there You seem very pleased with this idea;you can imagine I am very pleased to offer these little exquisite things in any case. Women can always accept compliments.I have more Mrs.Catherine once said her charming daughter It looks like the duchess, and the hierarchy is the highest. She will not give you an investigation, but it will be decorated. It's a little thing that makes a lady. It's the kind of concern that I think I'm particularly limited. Pay." 

"Your judgment is very appropriate," said Mr.Bante, "It's Very Nice You think you have a delicate talent with exquisite.Possible I asked these nice attention does not come from the wrist What is the result of previous studies? " 

"They are mainly related to things that occur at the moment, although Sometimes I surrender and organize this thing. A little elegant compliment, can be suitable for common Sometimes I always hope to give them a feeling that is not studied. Possible." 

Mr.Bante was answered in full.Your cousin As he waits, he is more anxious to hear Enjoy supporting the most determined In the face, in addition Elizabeth, he does not need a partner. 

However, when you drink tea, the dose is enough, mr.Bunnet. I am very happy to bring my guests back to the living room too The tea is over, I'm very happy to invite you to read women out loud.Gentlemen lords Collins begged the book and published the book;but Look at this (because everyone announced from The circulation library), he began to return, ask to forgive, Protestation he never read the book.Cathy looked at him then Lydia left.Other books were made, in some After thinking deeply, he chose to rest.Lydia opened when he opened The body before is very monotonous serious, After reading three pages, she interrupted: 

"Mother, you know, my Uncle Phillips said to leave Richard;If he did it, Foster hires him.My Aunt I'll personally tell me on Saturday.I'm going to Merriton tomorrow. Learn more and ask Mr.Danny to go back City." 

Lydia asked me to keep her two big sisters in silence;but Mr. Collins is very upset, he puts the book aside, saying: 

"I often see small women A serious stamp book, although only for them Benefit.I admit that it is very surprised;because of course it can be Nothing is more conducive to them than teaching.But I do not know how No matter no more for my cousin. " 

Then contact Banet, he claims his opponent On a couple of pairs.Mr. Bante received problems and noted He was very reasonable and left the girls for himself. Training.Mrs. Bantte and her daughter asked excuses very politely To interrupt Lydia and promise that this should not happen Once again, if he can continue his book;But mr. To ensure that he was not angry with him for a new cousin, as well as Never hate it as any insulted, let yourself be sit Mr. Banet, mr.BANTTE, get ready for the double zemlerovne. 

Chapter 15 

Mr. Collins is not a wise man, a natural defect Almost without the aid of education or society;IT Most of his life Father illiterate and fat;Although it belongs to the man He only maintains the conditions in college. There is no good meeting. His father took him and gave a big one. Very modest attitude;But now it's a very good compensation Because of the weak head, there is retirement and also Early and unexpected prosperity of the corresponding feelings. Happy opportunity to recommend it for Burr Catherine When Huntsford's life is vague;and your respect With pride in her position, his worship for her is his Women's financing, mixing with him and his good rating As the authority of a pastor and rights of him as a pastor A combination of pride and charming, self-deception Modest. 

He has a good house now and enough income, he is planning Wedding; His family has a wife because he intends to choose one of them. Daughters, if he found them so beautiful and kind as they The representative of the joint report.This is his compensation plan Redemption is the heritage of the property of his father;he thinks Excellent, complete qualification and applicability, as well as He is very generous and altruistic. 

Seeing them, your plan has nothing else. Confirmed his point of view and defined all his most stringent ideas Because of the qualification;The first night she He determined the choice.However, I did the next morning. Change due to a quarter - Secret talk with _ wife Banquets before breakfast, of their A residential pastor, of course, leading to his revelation I hope to meet a lady in Longhurn. Of her body, in a very obedient and universal smile Encourage, a simple warning he insisted. "As for her daughter, she can not carry Say her can not answer-but she does not know Her daughter, she must mention her I feel that she is responsible, she can soon Engagement." 

Mr.Collinnes should only present Elizabeth-and Soon it was completed-the lady in the bath is finished when they are angry. Elizabeth, the same only in "birth and beauty", success, success Of course it's her. 

Bennet put this tip and I believe she can Soon there are two daughters to get married;There is still a man she can not get married. You can say that elegance is high before. 

Lydia went to the intentions of Merrin not forgotten;each one Besides Mary, my sister agrees to go with her;mr. To participate in mr requirements.bantin Get rid of him from his library; Mr.Collins followed him after breakfast;where he will be Continue, one of the largest pairs in nominal Collection, but really talking to a bath, very little He stopped at the house and garden of Huntsford. Mr.Bantte is very upset.He is once in his library Always provide leisure and peace;even if it is ready as He told the other man to face the stupid and the vanity of each other. The room is at home, he stayed away from them;your Then courtesy is the faster invitation, mr. Walk with your daughter;mr.Collins, in fact More appropriate than the reader, is very adequate I am very happy to close my great book, then leave. 

In his empty exaggerated conversation, and his citizen agreed Brothers, his time passed before they entered Merrin. Please note that young people are no longer available at that time. ♪ He is _ ♪ Your eyes go out ♪ Looking for an officer, no more than a very smart hat Actually or very new quadprint fabric in the store window, you can remember They... 

But the attention of all women quickly attracts a new man. People who have never seen before, the greatest Out there, and another police officer goes along with another Road. This official Dani Lydia asked in London when they died, he leaned. Everyone is impressed by the feelings of strangers, I want to know who he is. It might be; Katie and Ludia decided to find him Leave, pretend to make the road below the street Things in the opposite store, fortunately just get it When two gentlemen turns when they arrive on the sidewalk In the same place. Mr. Danny talks to them directly and asks for Mr. Weihan allowed him to be delivered. I was very happy to say the city, and ahead of the city. To accept the delegation of your team. This is exactly the Must be; Because this young man wants groups Fully charming. His appearance is very useful for him; he Have beautiful and beautiful pieces, good face, good Body and very pleasant address. Introduction To be around him, I'm ready to talk-ready At the same time, it is quite correct and modest; and all The party is still very happy to talk together, When the sound of the horse, they watch Daisha and Bentley. Some people saw them out there. About the Division This group of people, two masters came straight to them, and Begin the usual courtesy. Bentley is the main representative. Miss. Bennett is the main goal. He said he was He went to Langburn to ask her. Mr. Daway. I started to decide during this bow. When Elizabeth suddenly stuck, he looked at them. Seeing strangers, Elizabeth saw that. When they look at each other, your face is everything Surprised the impact at the meeting. Both changed color, It looks white, the other looks red. Mr. Viiha, after a while, For a moment touch your hat-mr. Daxi just met The test is back. What can this mean? Is that I can not imagine; it is impossible to find for a long time. 

In a minute, mr.Bentley, but it does not seem Notice what happened when you left, walk with your friends. 

Mr.Danny and Mr.Veha accompany the girls. House Мистера Philip, then 鞠躬, despite Miss Lee's day pressure, they have to, Even if Ms.Phillips Lance a window in the living room High support for invitation. 

Mrs. Philips always knew the niece, these two people Boss, because they are not there lately, especially welcome, and She impatiently expressed surprise with them suddenly Main, because her own stroller did not take, she If she did not, she should not know anything. Mr. Jones on the street, he tells her, No more air for Nigeria because Mrs. Bantet left, so she was kindly asked Briefly describe Mr. Collins. She got He was very polite, he returned with the same educated. In addition, I apologize for the intrusion, not for the previous Know it, he can not help However, it can be Tell her her girl. Mrs. Phillips I am very incredible for such excessive reproduction, but she Meditation for a stranger is fast. Sightings and requests to the other side, however she I can only tell her, the prostitutes they already know, mr. Bring it from London, will have a Lifison County Committee. She was watching him. During the last hour she said when he walked down the street, If Mr. Weihan, Katie and Lesa appear, Keep busy but unfortunately no one passed through the window In addition to several limits, Strangers became "donkeys and boring". Some The next day they want to eat with Phillips, their Aunt was her husband to visit G WEHA, and give If the Lonen family enters, you will also receive an invitation. At night. He agrees, Mrs. Phillips protests. They will have a convenient and noisy lottery Entry, then eat a hot dinner. Prospect This kind of happiness is very encouraging, they are separated from each other. Good psychic. Mr. Collins again excuses In the room, I'm not tired and politely sure they are There is no necessity. 

When they went home, Elizabeth said she saw it. Between two masters; For one or two defenses, if they look wrong, She can not explain this behavior to her sister. 

Mr. Collins is very satisfied with Bannet Enjoy Men and Kinders of Mrs.Phillips.He protests Besides the lady and daughter Catherine, he had never seen. More elegant woman;because she not only takes Extremely polite, but even sharply closed on it Invitation for the next night, although she did not know Before.He believes that some things can be attributed to his Contact them, but he never saw so much He has all his life. 

Chapter 16 

Because no one is against young people Their aunt and mr. Lady Bennet during the visit is the most The technician refused, in Go at the right merrine moment;The girls are very happy When they entered the room, he listened to Mr.Weihan He accepts his uncle's invitation and then at home. 

When this information is supplied, they all accept them. In the seat, mr.Collins can be freely looked around, appreciated, Is very exciting Apartment, he says he can almost think of himself. Early summer restaurant in Canicality;comparison I did not pass through how much satisfaction at the beginning;But when you Phillips realizes that Luo Xin is his who Liu Xin is Owners-when she listened only to the description Lady Catherine found Only the chimney ran 800 pounds, she felt everything Praise of power, almost never hurt Compare with the housewife's room. 

In the description of your Ms. Catherine and her disgusting master Mansion, sometimes praise your own humility He is very satisfied with the residence, and the improvement is accepted. I work until the Lord joined them; He found his wife. Phillips is a very complete listener, he is against him. As a result, as she listened and adding to the decision Retail trade between your neighbors as soon as possible. Change The girls can not hear their cousins, they In addition to the desire of the musical instrument and verifies In Chinese in China for Imitation Indifferent The wait interval seems to be too long. Finally it will end, It's not like this. MR is very close when Warh walks Enter the room, Elizabeth thinks she did not see. He had never thought of him before, the degree of minimum Unjustified admiration. District officials General very trusted, Lord, better They are current political parties; But mr. Weihan is much more than They are all face to face, face, air and walk like they Uncle, Breath, Breath, Buffley, Breathing Potter wine, he followed them into the living room. 

Mr. Weihan is a happy man, almost all women Eyes saw, elizabeth happy woman Finally let yourself be sit;and as happy Fell at the same time, although only Like a wet night, let her feel the usual, more annoying, Most ancient themes can become interesting because of skills. Speakers. 

So fair notify the enemy as Uzhan and Mr.Collins does not seem to import; Girls, he certainly does anything;but he is still in Good listener Mrs.Phillips, she Alert, the most abundant is coffee and cookies. When the table is placed, it has the possibility Let her sleep. 

"I currently know very little about this game," he said, "but I will I am very happy to improve me because in my life- "Lady Phillips is very happy with your obedience, but I can not wait Cause of it. 

Mr. Wehhh did not play Whightte, he was very happy. Elizabeth and Lydia got at another table. It seems that Lydia is full of God acting at risk because she Very talkative man;But I really like it. For lottery tickets is very fast Game, also pointing to bet and shout bonus Special attention to anyone. Competition requirements, mr.Weihan there Elizabeth, she really wants to hear him, even She basically wants to hear what she can not say, Mr. History mr.Dacheng.She does not dare Sir.This was mentioned.However, her curiosity was unexpected Breathing.Mr. Veya started this.How will he ask? Fatinifield comes from Merriton;After he is received Answer, hesitate to ask mr.Daxi how long Stay there. 

"About a month," Elizabeth said;So you do not want to give This theme, but also said: "He is a great master of money. Derby County, I understand. " 

"Yes," said Mr.Weihan;"Your property is noble. Clear 10,000 per year.You can not face a More able to give you some information The head is bigger than I've already contacted his family. I have a special way in my childhood. " 

Elizabeth had to be surprised. 

"Miss Bantte, you can be surprised at this statement, Then you can see our very indifferent attitude I met yesterday. 

"Do your best," she cried with great enthusiasm Isabel."I'm I stayed in the same house for four days, I think Very annoying." 

"I have no right to declare my opinion," Wiham said, "About him" Agree or other.I'm not qualified to become one.I have I've known him for a long time, I can not be a fair judge.Is that it is This is impossible _ I am just.But I believe in your opinion It's usually incredible-maybe you do not It's very strong anywhere else.Wait upon Your family." 

"For me, I'm not more than I say here. In the neighborhood, in addition to the Niger field, he is not at the point. In Hertfordshire.All are disgusting with your pride.You will be No one thinks it's more popular. " 

"I can not pretend, sorry," Wihan said soon. Interrupt: "He or anyone should not be evaluated In your desert;But for him I believe this situation is not common. The world is blind for its wealth and consequences, or I was afraid of his nobleman and his Majesty, and he only found him as He decided to see. " 

"I have to accept, even my little knowledge, becoming Temmens."Weihan just squeezed his head. 

"I want to know," he said, when he made it possible to speak, "Is it possible to stay in this country?" 

"I know nothing, but I did not hear the news he left. When I'm in the Niger field, I hope your plan promotes -Charles will not be affected by him. " 

"Oh! I'll leave Mr. Daxi. If _ He hopes to avoid seeing _ I _, he has to go.we have not Friendly conditions, always see very painful, but I There is no reason to avoid it, but I can declare Before the world there is a very serious sensation of adverse use, and most The painful repentance is that he is so man.I miss the father Bannett, Mr.Douay is one of the best people in history. I had my friends more sincere;I'll never be with him. This gentleman was not a sad soul. He was always in his own behavior. Shameless;But I really believe I can forgive you for something. Everything, I do not expect his disappointment and Leave the memories of the parents. " 

Elizabeth discovered that this theme had increased, and Listen to the sincere;But this is fine blocked More research. 

Mr.UEH began to talk about more general themes Neighborhood, society, very satisfied with everything He has not yet seen, not carefully, but It is very easy to understand courage. 

"It is a perspective of continuing society and good society," he said. In addition, "This is the main reason why I'm entering the county. I'm a I know this is the most worthy respect, the best team, my friend. Danny is trying to me with his description. Hostel, very good attention and excellent I know Meritone bought them. I need me.I've always been a disappointed man, my spirit I have to have work and society. Military life is not what I want, but the environment Now it did.The church must be mine I'm growing in the church, I have to be here. Time has already had the most valuable life if I am very happy that the Lord we have just mentioned. " 

"In fact!" 

"Yes-afternoon, Mr. Daxi will give me the following speech. He is my godfather and others. I'll call me.I can not treat you fairly.He intends Give me enough food and think he did it;but when Life failed, is given elsewhere. " 

"God!"He cried Isabel;"But how can it be? Why not go to the law? Means?" 

"From the point of view of the inheritance, there is a As for the law, I did not give myself hope.Feeling Mr.Daxi is choosing doubt Take this just as a conditional advice and a lawyer I gave up all the requirements for this because of the luxury. Excessive.What has been confirmed is, 2 years ago Life was empty like me Keep, give someone else; What can be sure, I can not blame me. Anything that is worth losing.I have heat, unpacking the character. Maybe he has already said that his opinion is also communicated to him. Free of charge.Remember that there is nothing more than this.But the truth is that we Very different people, he hates me. " 

"This is very shocking! He must be humiliated." 

"Sometimes it will be-but I will not be me. Before I can forget my father, I can never restore it. " 

Elizabeth is honored by her feelings and thinks he When he expressed himself, he was handsome than in the past. 

But what, she stopped for a while, maybe it's your motivation? What makes you so cruel? " 

"Carefully, unlike me-a kind of I do not like But to some extent because of the embarrassment.Mr. Daway I really like myself very much, your child may be better to bear me;But his My father broke in my rare annex, I believe very much. First years.There is no temperature for transport Our competition is preference I usually give me. " 

"I did not expect Mr. Daxi was so bad-although I never Like him.I did not expect him to be so bad.I thought In general, he despised his similar, but He suspected he would suffer so harmful. It's not just like that. " 

However, after a few minutes she continued: "I'm ready Remember that one day he boasted in Niger. His resentment, his relentless Her temper must be lousy. " 

"On this subject I do not believe in myself," Weshang replied;"_ I _ It's hard for him to say. " 

Isabel fell into meditation again, after a time was exciting, "Treat science, friends, loved this way Your father!"She can add her:" Young man like _ You _, your face can guarantee your existence Friendly "-But she is happy:" There is one, It can be your childhood companion, contact this together. How I think you said, near the road! " 

"We are born in the same parish, in the same park; The most important part of our youth is spent; Same house, share the same entertainment, same item My father started this profession. Mr. Phillips, his uncle seems to trust but he To give up everything mr.daxi He took care of Penberley's property. He doubled to respect mr.Dakao, is the closest, confidential Friend.Mr.Daxi admits many times that The greatest commitment of my father is actively controlled, and Shortly before my father's death, Mr.Daxi gave him Voluntary commitment to me, I suppose, I think it's thanks to him, like him. I love my own love. " 

"Is weird!"Elizabeth screams."How could it be evil! I want to know if Mr.Daxie did not let him be proud of him! Without better motivation, he should not be very proud. I must call you dishonest. " 

"That's great," answered Wehang: "Because he's almost all the behavior You can track back to pride;Pride is often your best friend. This makes it closer to virtue than others. But we are incompatible with your behavior. There is more impetus for me than pride. " 

"Is there a good pride like him?" 

"Yes. It often makes it free and generous. Your money can express freely enthusiasm by helping your income, To help the poor.Family pride, e-kindness of branch-pride-because he I'm very proud of my father. The shame of his family, degraded in mass quality, Or lose influence at home penbole is powerful Motivation.also has the pride of the brotherhood, there are some Such sentiments of siblings make you a very kind and careful guard About your sister, you will hear you cry many times The most important and best brothers. " 

What girl Daxie? " 

He shook his head."I hope to be able to call it and be friendly. It gave me It hurts the bad wordsa words, but she looks like her too. When I was new, she was very affectionate. Happy, I really like;I spent a few hours She is happy for hours.But she's nothing to me now.She is one of the Beautiful girls, about 15 or 16 years old, and I know, Very good.When her father passed away, her house was London, the lady and she live together, take care of her. Clarify." 

After many pauses and many tests for other items, Elizabeth I can not fail to go back to the first and say: 

"I'm surprised at your proximity to Mr.Bentley! Bentley itself looks very humorous, I really believe that Really friendly and this person supports friendship?How can they do You know mr.Bentley? " 

"Is nothing." 

"He's the most characteristic and friendly, attractive person. He does not know. Mr. Daxi. " 

"It can not be; mr. Daxi can please him. He has a I do not want him to talk to others. It is believed to pass time.In those people who are totally equal with him So it's very different from him. His pride will never give up on him;but with the rich He sincerely thought sincerity, rationality, respectful and Maybe it's nice-allowing some wealth and numbers. " 

Wheeest is soon unfounded, players joined Around the other table, mr.Collins, standing Your cousin Elizabeth and Mrs.Phillips. Your success is caused by the last.It's not very good; He lost all points;But when Phillips the lady began to express Her concern her, he promised her very seriously. It does not matter, he thinks Money is just a little, begging for her not to make money She feels strange. 

"I'm very clear, lady," he said, when people are serving On the paper table, they must capture these opportunities. Fortunately, I did not five in this case. Any equipment merchandise.No doubt many people can not Say the same, but thank you Catherine of Burru, I It's far beyond the need to deal with little things. " 

Mr. Vashan noticed;After seeing sir.Wayne Collins had some time, whispered to Elizabeth. Relatives of her are very familiar? Debaran family. 

"Burrd Catherine," he replied, "recently gave it to her. I barely know how Collins originally introduced him. She noticed, but he probably understood her time. " 

"Of course, Burrd and Mrs. Anne. Daxi is a sister;So she's a tay now Mr. Daway. " 

"No, it's really, I do not know. I know something about Mrs. Catherine. I heard of her existence before the previous day. Yesterday." 

"Miss your daughter, Miss Boo, will have great wealth, People believe that she and her cousin will join both. Real estate. " 

When Isabel thought of poverty, this information made her smile. MS.Bentley, all her attention is useless, useless She loves her sister and praises. If he went to be someone else. 

"Mr.Collins, "she said," said Mrs.Ekaterina was too high. And her daughter;but from some of your details About you, I think her gratitude is fooling him, and Although she is his sponsor, she is an arrogant person. A woman from vanity. " 

"I believe she is equally the same," answered WEHA;"I'm I have not seen her for years, but I remember me a lot. Never love you, your arbitrary Arrogant.She is famous for very wise Intelligent;But I believe she received some of her skills. Out of her status and her wealth, part of her authority, The rest of the nephew, he chose All who are connected to it should know First class." 

Elizabeth admitted that she had given a very reasonable explanation. They keep talking together, both sides are very satisfied Until the end of the card, give other women Pay attention to Mr.Uvenin.May not have Speaking of Mrs.Phillips in dinner noise, but His manager recommended to everyone.No matter what he said, Something good;No matter what he did, it was elegant.Elizabeth was She is full of mind.She can not think of anything. Mr. Weiha, and he told her to go home; When they were, she did not even have time to mention his name. Because mr.Lydia and Collins were not silent. Buy lottery tickets, buy your lost fish and She won the fish;mr.Collins is described Phillips protested couple, is not Given your loss, all the dishes are listed for dinner, And repeatedly worried that he is pushing his brother, more They say he can drive a car. House liberine. 

Chapter 17 

The next day Elizabeth and I briefly have a relationship between two Mr. Weihan and himself. Caution;She does not know how to believe that mr.Daxie can be. She is not dignified from mr.Bentley;However, it is not in her body. She was born to put the true nature of this kind of young people Appearance is similar to Weimen.Have patience such opportunities Unfriendly, enough to make all her soft feeling;and So besides considering them, there is nothing to do. Both, protect their respective behaviors and take into account Accidents or errors, no matter how impossible to explain. 

"We all have," she said, "I dare say that in some ways they are deceiving. We can not form or otherwise.Those who are interested It can be distorted.In short, it is We can not guess the reason or the situation It can be excluded, there is no real responsibility of anywhere. " 

"It's true; now, my dear, what do you have to do? Person who is interested in CAUTION CASE?Also clean them, otherwise let's I have to think that someone is sick. " 

"If you want to laugh, but you will not laugh at me. Opinion.My dear blue, think how shameful it is Illuminated by Mr.Daxi, treat your dear father. Then his father promised someone For.it's impossible.No ordinary people, no one Any meaning of your personality is possible.Is most Did you get excessively deceived?Oh!Number." 

"It is more likely to believe that mr. Bentley was much added to people. It's more important than what Mr.Wehhh should create this story. He gave me last night;name, really, all mentioned If it is not, mr.Daxi is disapproved.Furthermore, His length is correct. " 

"It's very difficult," people do not know that. Reflections. " 

"Please, forgive; people know what to think." 

However, think only of a small SR statement. Bentley if it is strong, you will suffer a lot of pain When it is public. 

Two girls were called the shrubs where The conversation passed, just before these people arrived They said;Mr.Bentley came to him with his sisters. They have been invited long anxious for a long time Nigfield, corrected next Tuesday.Twice Women are very happy to see their dear friends again, calling One was after meeting, what kind of person is it? As they are separated, they will do this with themselves.Other people They rarely pay attention to their families;Avoid Bennet Checkers as much as possible Do not talk much like Elizabeth, not Other people, they left quickly, leave the seat. An event that leaves his brothers shocked, and Hurry as if you want to avoid courtesy of Bannet. 

In the foreground of Nigeria's ball is very nice All women in the family.Bennet decided to treat him as Probably his big daughter, especially Because mr's invitation.Bentley received, Instead of a big card.Jane happy photo of herself In the social life of his two friends, as well as Her brothers;Isabel is happy to dance Mr. Uzhan did a lot and saw Mr.'s behavior and breakdowns.Daxi.Happiness Catherine and Lichine are expected to be less dependent on any single Event or anyone in particular, although they are Elizabeth intends to dance halfway, he is dancing half an hour. Never only partners who can satisfy them, and Anyway ball ball.Even Mary can also guarantee She does not mind. 

"Although I can spend a morning," she said, "but this Enough-I think from time to time participation at night is not a victim I agree.Society has a request for all of us;I affirm One of the people who consider the entertainment and entertainment interval It's for everyone." 

Elizabeth is high in this situation, although She does not speak many times without the need for mr.Collins, she can I can not fail to ask you to accept mr.Bentley. Invitation, if he did, he thought about it? Join the evening entertainment;She is surprised I found all my brains in any way, and Never feared to be accused of bagazm, Or Burrd Catherine, runs the risk of dancing. 

"I guarantee I'm never an opinion," he said, " This type of ball is given by person with personality Dear staff, you can have some trends of evil;and I have until now Begin with the opposition dance, I hope to become Concessions of all cousins in hands At night;I would take this opportunity to ask for your opinion, Miss Elizabeth, especially the first two dancing, preference I believe that my brother is paying attention to the good career. Do not be afraid of her. " 

Elizabeth thought he was fully accepted. She is totally The offer was involved in this dancing by mr. WEHA; and Instead, mr. Collins! Your life power has never been so bad. Time. However, there is no help. Mr. Veha Happiness She postponed her own time, sir. Collins offer was accepted as elegant as possible. From this idea, she is not satisfied with her courage. It's more garden. Now she thought for the first time, She was chosen from her sister and was worth it. Lady shondford shepherd and help form Quarterly table Rosen, no longer qualified Visitors. As she watched, this idea was quickly convicted. He got rid of himself and often heard him. Try to praise her wisdom and vitality; further She surprised her influence, not satisfaction. How long will it take, her mother will let her understand The possibility of her marriage is very adequate for her. However, Elizabeth did not decide to accept clues, good health Aware of serious disputes should be any Response. Mr. Collins can never make this offer before submitting a proposal, This is useless for your dispute. 

If there is no preparation, talk and talk New bunny will be very bad Statement at this time, from the date of the invitation, to On dance day there are a series of rain to stop. No aunt, no police, no news. May be in demand-rose niger field Buying an agent.Even Isabel can also have some tests. Time patience completely suspended She and Mr.Family Veha;Not at the Ball On Tuesday you can do it on Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Cathy and Lisiya can stay on Monday. 

Chapter 18 

Until Isabel enters Niger's living room Looking for MR Weight in a group of red jackets is useless It never happened to him there. You respect.see what determinism of it is not verified by anyone These memories that can not be unfounded She is.She is more careful than usual and is preparing Win the greatest spirit Do not take your heart I believe it does not exceed possible Winning at night.But at a time It sucks doubt that it is deliberately brilliant I am very happy to invite a pair of Bentley; It is not, is missing in the absolute fact Call Danny friends who are tasty. Apply who tell them Wei Han should go The highest day of the city, but it is not back; With a deep smile, I can not imagine my business. It's only going to call now if he does not want to Avoid a gentleman here. " 

The part of his intelligence, although Lydia can not hear. Captured by Elizabeth, and because it guarantees that Daxi is not Reply to WEHA is not as good as the first assumption All dissatisfaction with the first only It's so acute because he's immediately disappointed. For educated consultation it is difficult to tolerate and respond Later he did it directly.To meet, Inthol, Daxi patient, wounded Weihan. Decided not to talk to him, then turn Exit with a certain degree of unbelievers is impossible, and can not be completed Even when you talk to you.Bentley, you should also win, your blind damage I bothered her. 

But Isabel is not formed because she is not humorous;although each Perspectives are destroyed at night, it can not Stay in her soul for a long time;Tell her all the sadness Charlotte Lucas, she did not see her in a week, she's coming soon. You can go voluntarily to it strange Her brother pointed out he was paying attention to her. However, two dances have brought a painful return;they Humiliated dance.Mr. Collins, strange, Apologize, not participate, and often Realizing, giving you all the shame and pain Several dances can give unpleasant partners.Time She was released from him.She's delighted. 

Then she and the officer danced and took him. Talk about Weha Han, I heard that it is very popular. She returned to Charlotte Lucas after the ball. When she spoke to her, suddenly Mr. The speech.Daxi makes your snacks Apply for one hand, I do not know what she did, she He came again, she stayed. Worry you;Charlotte tries Console it: 

"I'll say you'll find it a lot." 

"God bless!" It will be the biggest fault! Find a good man, a man who is determined to hate!It's not a I wish you so badly. " 

However, when the trailing dance, Daishi is approaching Declaration, Charlotte can not fail to remind her A little tongue, do not be a fool, leave it as a weihan Let her look nasty in a person's eyes with ten folds Result.Elizabeth did not answer, she She surprised her dignity Allowing mr.Doway and read Neighbors, they also looked at this. It took some time and did not send;she started Imagine that her silence will last until the ball, At first I decided not to break it;even a sudden fantasy It will be more punishment for your partner. When he spoke, she made some minor observations about the ball.He Answer, silent.In a few minutes she The second time she told him, "I told you. Mr. Дакси, there is something now.I talked about the ball, and you have you. Should have room size or Number of pairs. " 

He smiled and assured him that no matter what she wanted to say. I have to say. 

"Very good, this answer can now be. I can find a private ball than a state ball. But now we can stay silent. " 

"So when you dance, are you going to talk about the rules?" 

"Sometimes a man has to say a little. That sounds strange It is completely silent for half an hour;Nonetheless Some advantages, the conversation should be organized so because It can be difficult for them to say the least possible. " 

"In that case, you are consulting your feelings or Do you think you're going out with me? " 

"Two," Elizabeth replied;"Because I've always seen the big Our similarities in our ideological transformation.All are not social, Keep quiet, do not talk if we do not expect to say Some things that surprise the whole room and pass Descendants of all proverbs. " 

"It's no more incredible with your own personality, I Of course, "he said. -Where near me, I can not pretend. There is no doubt that you think this is a true portrait. " 

"I can not solve my own performance." 

He did not answer, they were silent until they leave. When he asked her and her sisters were not Her answer is yes and It is impossible to resist temptation, complement, "when you meet there, A few days ago, we just met a new friend. " 

Effect immediately.The project is completed, the system is automatically filled His appearance, but he said nothing, Elizabeth, despite Black itself for its own weaknesses, can not continue.Finally Daxi said, and said in limitation, "Mr. Wesil I was lucky to have such a happy way to be sure of his behavior. Friends-if he is also able to keep them, it is I am not sure." 

"He's very unhappy, lost his friendship," Answer Elizabeth embed: "And in that he can His life took his life. " 

Daxi did not answer, it seems like the desire to change Theme: At this point Sir William Lucas appeared They mean that through the other side of the collection Room;But when he feels mr.Yang, he stopped Praise your dance and your Partner. 

"I'm very happy, dear Lord. It's very Advanced dance does not appear.Obviously you belong First circle.However, please let me say, your just Partner will not let you lose your face I have to have it Happiness is often repeated, especially when some satisfactory The incident, my dear issa (looked at your sister and Bentley) Случаться.Congratulations come!I called Mr. Dadi: But do not bother him, sir.You will not thank I saved you from the charming talk of this young man. Mrs., your bright eyes also accuse me. " 

Daxi almost did not receive part of this address;but Sir William Tip seems to fight this His eyes look directly Benley Jane is dancing together. But soon he turned to her partner. Then "Sir William interrupted made me forget about us. He says. " 

"I do not think we say anything. Sir William can not He interrupted two people in the room, did not say anything. They are themselves.We tried two or three themes, but not Well, I can not imagine our next step. " 

"How do you feel?"He said with a smile. 

"Book you! No, I'm sure we never read the same book or not Even feeling. " 

"I'm sorry you think so, but if it is, you can At least there is no need for theme.We can compare our different Opinion." 

"No-I can not talk about dance books; my head is always full. Another thing." 

"Now I always take you in such a scene?" He took the suspicion of expressions. 

"Yes, it's always like this," he replied, I do not know what she said because Her thinking is quickly rejected from the theme Later she was screaming, "I remember Mr. Daxi, I heard that he said he never forgives me, Her resentment can not be saved after its creation.You are very I think it's very careful about it? " 

Yes, he said in a firm voice. 

"Never let you blind?" 

"I hope it's not." 

"For those who never change Opinions, first to ensure proper judgment. " 

"Can I ask what these problems have?" 

"Just to explain your character," she said, Work hard to get rid of your gravity."I'm trying to do that." Outside." 

"What is your success?" 

She shook her head."I do not get along with it, I've heard of it. Your other description makes me very confused. " 

"It's very easy for me to believe," he says seriously. This is very great for me;I hope Miss Bantte You can not have my role now. Because there is a reason to worry about performance will reflect no Both deserve compliments. " 

"But if I do not take my picture now, I do not have any more Chance." 

"I'll never stop happy," it's cold. Response.She did not say anymore, they have another ball Separate mute;both sides are unhappy, although not Equivalent, there is enough in the chest of Dazi By strong feelings of her, she soon returned forgiveness and Point all her wrath for another. 

They have not been separated for a long time.When Ms.Bentley came to see her, With civil contempt, and she takes: 

"So, Miss Eletza, I heard it was very satisfied with George Weihan! Her sister spoke to me and asked I asked a thousand questions; I found this young man Forgot to tell you, in other exchanges he Son of ancient Utzban, this is Mr.'s house. Daxi. However, as a friend, I recommend that you do not impress Confidence in all allegations; Mr. Dadi used Sick, is completely wrong; Instead it was Very good for him, although George Vashan was treated Mr. Daxi is in the cheapest way. I have no idea Details, but I am very clear that mr. Daxi is not At least it should be charged, can not handle the weight of George It mentions that, although my brother thinks he can not We avoid this to include it in your invitation to an officer. I am very happy to find that he has already Road. He came to this country-the most arrogant thing. In fact, I want to know how he can take it. Sorry, Miss Eletza, because you will find your favorite sin; but Really consider your blood, people can not wait too long Better." 

"According to your complaint, your crimes and your blood Likewise, "Isabel said with anger";"Because I heard you accusing him. Nothing worse than Mr. Son.Daxi, I can assure you that he tells me personally. " 

"Sorry," Miss Bentley replied, turned. "Please forgive my intervention is good." 

"Arrogant girl!"Elizabeth vera in tongue."You are very If you want to influence me for such a small attack, it's wrong. In addition to its own intentional and Mr.Daxi is evil."Then she met her sister, her sister Commitment to learn about the same Bentley theme.Only With so sweet and deceit, I met her with such a sweet ray. Happy expressions show how good she is Satisfied with what happens at night.Isabel Read your feelings now and take care at this time Weihan, the resentment of the enemy and everything else, A concert to wait for life in the simplest possible way. Happiness. 

"I want to know," she said with a smile. More than your sister, you understand mr.Owan.But not Maybe you're really cool, I did not expect A third person;In this case, you can approve my forgiveness. " 

"No," answer briefly, "I forgot him; but I had nothing. Mr.Bentley does not know everything. His story, without knowledge of the situation at that time. He mainly insults Mr.Daxi;but he guarantees Good behavior, honesty of your friend and honor also I totally believed that Mr.Weihan should have fewer things. Mr.Daxi is more worried about what he received;am sorry From your sister's account and your sister, Mr.Wihan is not He means a dear young man.I'm afraid he was very Abroad, you should lose respect for mr.Daxi. " 

"Mr. Bentley knows Mr. Owan?" 

"Nothing, until he saw him in Merrin this morning." 

"That's what I have there. I'm a To satisfy.But what did he say live? " 

"He did not remember the situation at the time, although he already Listening to you.Daxi more than once, but he thinks It remains only. " 

"I have no doubt of Mr. Bentley," Elizabeth said. Passion;"But you must forgive me, I'm not guaranteed to convince. Only ... Mr. Bentley protects your friends, I am very dry, I am I dare say;But because he's not familiar History, the rest is extracted from this friend, I go The adventure still thinks of two masters. " 

So she changed the theme to make everyone happy, For now, the emotions will not defer.Isabel To listen to happiness, despite moderate hopes The brief summary remained mr.Bentley and said all about it. Reinforce their confidence in this regard.When they join Mr. Bentley himself, Elizabeth is getting away from Miss.Lucas; Ask your last partner of happiness He told them before Collins come to see them, he barely replied. She's happy, he's so lucky. Make the most important discovery. 

"I learned," he said, "the accident where This is my next favorite relative in the room. Not intentionally heard this gentleman personally filed this girl Honor at home is the name of Miss It Kad? Burg and her mother of her Ekaterina Lady.It's so great. A small thing is happening!Who will think of my meeting, Maybe the nephew of Burrd Catherine in this rally!I am one I am very grateful to this discovery to pay me in time. I respect, I have to do it now, I believe it will Sorry, I did not do it before.I always ignore Contacts should apologize for me. " 

"You will not introduce yourself!" 

"I really am. I asked him to forgive me, I did not. I believe he's Mrs. nephew.Catherine. I have the right to ensure that the identity of the lady is very good. Last night." 

Elizabeth wants not to plan and guarantee. Mr.Daxi will consider Introduction-freedom thick, no compliments Give him an aunt;At least there is no need Any part has notice;If so, it should belong Mr. Zhha, the result is top-level, start Mr. Collins listened to her. Follow your own trend when she stops talking, Please answer this: 

"My dear Isabel, I have the highest opinion in the world." In a pending judgment on all things related to the sphere Your understanding, but please let me say there must be a A big difference between the established form of the ceremony And those who control their clergy, and for me Please note that I think the tool is office The highest level of dignity in the kingdom-supplied, Appropriate modest behavior Support. So you should let me follow In this case, my conscience makes me run. See it as the starting point of the work. Forgive me for ignoring Your offer, all other questions I have no change. I love, although in case of us, I think it is more appropriate. What is the right to education and consumoudinary research Girl, like you. "He left it low. Attack Sr. Dawei, having received, is urgent Look what he was surprised by that call. Clear. The solemn discourses of the prime before Even if you can not hear the word, it looks like a rumor. Everyone sees "excuses" on your lips Huntsford and Bourge Catherine. She is very upset He exposed himself to a human being. Mr. Daxi looks at him. The miracle is not slaughtered, and finally Mr. Collins allowed. It's time to talk to the distant courtesy of the answer. Gentlemen lords However, Collins will not be blocked again, and Mr. Dawei seems to have increased significantly for a long time In his second speech he only gave him one. Caution, and then move to the other side. Mr. Collins then came back Elizabeth. 

"I'm not right, I assure you," he said, "Not happy Call me.Mr. Daxi, it seems, Warning.He answered me very politely, even paid Praise him for having believed in women. Catherine is sure she'll never give It's a very beautiful idea. Overall, I'm very satisfied with that. " 

As Isabel no longer has his own interest in continuing, she Her attention is almost totally transferred to her sister and sir. Bentley and his nice reflection Seeing, so she's almost Only ... She saw her thought in the house, all of them. True love marriage can give Feliisei, she In that case, I feel that I have the opportunity to work hard. Like two Bentley sisters. She saw mother's thoughts clearly. Fold the same way, she decided not to close She will not hear much. When they sit and eat, So she thinks it's the most unhappy metamorphosis. Put them together, she's very upset I found her mother talking to the man (Luca) Arbitrary, open, besides, not on the other side of simple expectations Soon to marry mr. Bentley. This is an animation. The subject, the lady in the bath, seems, is not in a state of fatigue, and Advantages of the number of competitions. That's how Lovely young people, so rich live in a place where there are only three km They are the first self-reactive load point and then Deciding these two sisters as more, is very good. And he is sure that they must be ready as much as possible. She can. Besides, it's too hard for her. Daughter, because only marriage is so strong, it must give them In other ways, finally, Your life can trust your only daughter Take care of your sister, she can not be obliged Between more than she loves more. Need Mean is happiness because in this case This is label, but no one is more impossible bangata. I can find comfort in any period of her life. Is it over there With many great wishes, Lucus Lady can soon But luck, despite the obvious and prove This is impossible. 

Elizabeth seeks to verify that your speed is useless. The words of the mother, or convince her I can not hear the whisper;because she can not describe her problem, she You may feel that his leader has been heard without intention, People sit forward.Her mother acus Absurd 

Mr. Duay is this for me, pray, should I be afraid?I have I'm sure we do not need any special courtesy. Do not say anything you do not like to hear. " 

"Look at God, lady whispers. What's the advantage? Mr. Data?You will never recommend Your friends do this! " 

However, your words do not affect your words.Is it over there The mother will tell you about looking at her with the same easy understanding. Elizabeth is red, embarrassed and worried.Is it over there However, she could not help but often looked. Each look makes her return that she is afraid;because of her She does not always look at her mother, she is sure that his Attention always attracts it. I was progressively resting Stable gravity. 

However, after all, the lady on the networks is not to say more; Lucas was a good bunt to repeat long. She thinks there is no possibility of separation, left for comfort cold chicken and ham. Isabel now begins his resurrection. But not The range is very long quiet because when lunch is over, People talk about singing, she's ashamed Mary, after a few questions, are ready to help Company. It's already there through many significant expressions and silence? Striving to prevent such obedience to prove, but in vain; Mary does not understand them, it is an opportunity to show It is a very sanitary bus to her, she began to sing it. Isabel's eyes Looking at her with the most painful feelings, she looks at her She had undergone several questions impatiently. I received a very poor return when they were come to Mary, when received, In this table, I gave a hint. This can help them stop again, then stop Half minutes started again. The power never mary I fit for such a display; Her voice is weak, and there is an elegant way. Affected. Elizabeth is very painful. She looked at him, looked at him. How it is going, but very quietly and bentley. She looked at the two sisters and saw what they were doing. Layout other hand, Daxie also Tirano is serious. She was staring at his father. Interference, not to sing all night. He stayed with him. I suppose when mary complete his second song, he speaks loudly, "It will be very good, honey. You make us happy for a long time No more more. Let the other girls have time to show. " 

Although Mary intends not to have heard, she is still a bit unpleasant; Elizabeth, I'm sorry for her, I'm sorry for my father's speech. I'm afraid that her concern is not good.Other people from the party Suitable for this now. 

"If I am," said Mr. Sing, I'm sure I'm very happy. Corporate with air; because I think music is very true Distant, perfect compatible Priest. However, I'm not saying we can We make much more reasonable spending a lot of time in music because Of course, there are other things to deal with. President There are many things to do in the parish. First of all, he must do this I agree, a tax can be useful for yourself, not Originated his sponsor. He must write details; The rest of the time will not be too much for your parochial responsibility too Take care to improve your place of residence is something he can not do. Avoid the most comfortable. I do not have any It is believed that he is very attentive. For the reconciliation of each person, especially for those He owes his preference. I can not avoid his duties; I can not imagine this man very well, I have to ignore the case. Proof that is for any Family. "Mr. Davec, the end of his speech, The sound is very large, and the room can be heard. Many people look at many people smile; But no one seems more interesting than the Lord Bannet himself and his wife praised Mr. Because he is so wise and whisper Lucus Lady, he is very intelligent, kind young Friend. 

Your family seems to reach Agreement against Isabel To expose as much as possible at night, is For them, it is impossible to play their papers with many things. The Spirit is still a better success;She thinks Benley is it? Her sister said a few views had escaped. Please note that there are not many feelings. I was stupid and upset by him. However, two sisters, mr.Dakao must have such It's bad enough to intimidate your relatives, she It is impossible to determine the silence of the disrespect for this gentleman, Or the smile of a woman is high, more people can not stand. 

The remaining time at night is a bit fun.Is it over there Mr. Collins laughed, mr.Collins insisted. On the side, although he can not convince her and dance Once again, she lost her ability to dance with others. She begins to stand with others, and take the initiative Tell him any girl in the room.He secured her, As for dance, he is completely indifferent;Your leader The project is completed, the system is automatically filled He must therefore point out that he is near her. There are no arguments in this project.Is it over there Thank you, Miss Lucas, she often Join them and do a good job with mr. A speech woman. 

She receives at least the crime of mr.Daxi. Note: Although many times stay in a very short distance She, very indifferent, he never approached to speak.Is it over there I think it may be her result for mr. WEHA HAN, so. 

Lanenhead's party is the last of all companies. In addition, thanks to Banet strategy, you have to wait for them. Others were for a moment, Give them time to see how the enthusiasm expects Some families. Mrs. Hest and her sister almost have no door. Her mouth, as well as fadiga complaints, is obviously I can not wait to have my own home. They exclude each one Trying a lady in a bow by throwing him through this The whole party is very tired, it's not easy. The long speech of Mr. Collins, he praised Mr. Bentley and his sisters tell the elegance of their fun, And its enthusiasm and courtesy Guest behavior. Dadi did not say anything. Mr. Banet, In the same silence, enjoy this scene. Mr. Bentley. Standing together, is a bit separated from others, and We only talked to each other. Elizabeth remains stable Silence as Hast Lady or Miss Bentley; even lya Very tired, as well as sometimes sighs, you can not say more My God, I'm tired! 

Finally, when they got up and released, Mrs.Bantte was herself. She is very civilized, I hope to live now. Lance and also specialize in mr.bent Trust in it has a family dinner will make them happy Always together, without formal ceremony Invite.Bentley is very satisfied, he is happy to accept To wait for her as soon as possible, please, Back from London, he must go where he should go. The next day is short. 

The lady in the bath is very satisfied, Pleasant conviction, given the necessary New cars and wedding dresses, calculation, No doubt she should see her daughter Processes three or four months.She has another daughter Mr. Collins is married, she also believed There is much happiness despite inequality.Isabel In all her children she is less expensive;although this man and Correspondence for it is good enough, each correspondence value Mr. Bentley and the Nigfield were sunk. 

Chapter 19 

The next day I opened a new stage in Longburn.Mr. Collins It was decided not to lose Time because your vacation has extended only until next time Saturday, do not have the courage Even at that moment he also started with pain. He believes that all rituals are very organized Regular part of the business.I found Lady Baneta, Elizabeth and one of the girls together, soon When he was at breakfast, he told his mother, with these words: 

"Mrs., I hope you're interested in your lovely daughter." Elizabeth, when I ask for the honor of a private audience This morning are we together? " 

Before Isabel has time to do something beyond the surprised blush, Mrs.Bantte immediately replied, "Yes, for sure.I am one Moon Park will definitely be very happy-I'm sure she will not Be against this.Come on, Katie, I want you to go upstairs. Working together, he accelerates how Elizabeth screams: 

"Dear Lady, do not go. I'm asking you not to go. Mr. Collins must I'm very sorry.He has nothing to say, no one needs I have to leave me. " 

"No, no, much less pu yun. I hope it stays in place." Elizabeth looks very angry and strange She said, "Moon Park, I insist on you. Leave mr.Collins speak. " 

Elizabeth does not resist such ban Considering that she also believes that this is the wiser End up quiet as soon as possible, she sat Try to hide again, through continuous feelings of work This is divided into pain and transmission.Mrs. Bennet Katie walks, they walk, mr. To start. 

"Believe me, my dear, Miss Elizabeth, so far from you. Any damage to you, but another Perfect.If you are not so friendly in my eyes Not so small;but please leave me Guarantee that I received your respectable mother's wallet This address.You can hardly doubt the intention of my speech, However, your delicious natural can make you hide;mine Attention is very obvious, it will not be misunderstood.Almost as fast as possible I entered the house and chose you as my companion. Future life, but before I was bothered with my feelings The subject, perhaps, said that my reason for me is wisdom Use wedding and go to Hatchback Choosing your wife's design like me. " 

The thoughts of mr.Collins, with him, were solemn. Stay away from your feelings, let Elizabeth laugh so quickly She can not use her short stop to try He continued to stop him. 

"The reason I'm married, first, I think you're right Every priest can be easy (like me) Define the role of marriage in their arrival, secondary, i Convinced that this will significantly increase your happiness; Third-perhaps I should mention it in front, This is a special board very noble and recommendation I'm lucky to call her lady to help people. It is twice Questionnaire give me your opinion (I did not ask!) Subject, I am on the Saturday night before leaving. Huntsford between our quad core curve pool and Mrs. jen jinson Miss bur she said, "sir." Collins, you have to get married. Pastor, how you should get married. To choose Mention correctly for me to choose a woman for his own, Let it be a positive and helpful person, not a tall man, But this is a good way to make a small amount of income. This is my offer. Find a woman as soon as possible, take it to huntsford then I'll visit her. "Po, please let me note, my beauty Brother table, I do not think the attention and kindness of women teapot Catherine is one of my unit. Power provided. You will see her name is for what I can do. Description I think wisdom and feasibility it should be acceptable For her, especially when she is quiet and respectable Her classification it will inevitably be interesting. I am here. Support for marriage intentions; still waiting for me why Look at the point langbern instead of my Neighbor where I can guarantee many kind to you Little Women. But the truth is as I am inherited You Respeta the legacy after his father's death (which, However, you can live for many years), I can not satisfy me. You did not choose his wife from her daughter, Your losses can be as small as possible when The incident happened melancholy, but I do not. It can take several years. That's my motivation, my Tangjie, I think it will not let me fall on you. Respect. Nothing now but guarantees My emotional violence is the most vivid language. Change Fortunately, I am completely indifferent, I will not ask The nature of his father because I know it can be Not canceled, 1000 pounds in four Each category since his mother not Death, you may be entitled to get everything. In this head, Then I will be quiet, you can guarantee, I'm responsible for me. We got married." 

It is absolutely necessary to interrupt now. 

"You're a lot of grass, sir," she cried."You forgot me. No reply.Let me waste my time.Accept me Thanks for her compliment.I am very wise. I am very honored to have your offer, but I am impossible. Do not reject them. " 

"I will not study now," said Mr.Collins officially. Hand, "usually girls refuse Your address is the person who are willing to accept when he Apply for them first;sometimes refusing Repeat the second, to the third.So I'm not This means that it is discouraged for you now, and I hope We take you to the altar. " 

According to me, Lord, cried Elizabeth, his hope It's unusual after I complain.I ensured that I In these girls there is no one (if there is such a new lady) They are so brave, so they are happiness I refused very seriously. You can not let me be happy, I believe I am The last of the worlds can make you like this.It's not yours My friend Catherine Madles met me, I believe she will find I do not understand this in several ways. " 

"Mrs.Catherine will definitely think, "she said. Collins is very serious- "But I can not imagine the identity of her lady. She will not agree with you.You can be sure when I It's my great honor to see her again, I'll go You are modest, economic and other higher conditions of the type Qualification." 

"In fact, Mr. Collins, I do not need all the compliments. You are that I have to do my judgment and praise me. I believe what I said.I wish you all happiness, very rich and Reject your hand, do your best to stop your existence Otherwise.You must meet, giving me quotes You feel the skinny feelings of my family, maybe There is a Lengabern property, it does not matter when there is no Self confidence.Thus, this problem can be considered Finally, calm down."When she talks, she'll get up." Leaving the room, Mr.Collins did not talk to her: 

"When I'm kind, you speak below. Subject, I hope to get You gave me now;Although I do not blame you The chain is raw because I know it is configured Its gender habit rejects a person during the first application also Maybe you have already said that you are encouraging your trials as much as possible. Female truly tasty Figure." 

"In fact, mr. Collins," Elizabeth screams warmly, "You I'm very confused.If I say so far You do not know how to express myself in an encouraged way. Abandon this method, let you believe it is integrated. " 

"Dear brother, you have to give me a fake, come from the heart of yourself. He refused my address, of course, only send a message.I have I believe it's very simple: it does not seem I think my hand is not worth your acceptance, nor The institution I can provide will not be high Ideal.My life, I'll get in touch with my family. Debar, and my own relationship, is the environment. Much support me;You must go ahead. Considering that although you have several attractions, it is Never make sure the other wedding offer I created you.Unfortunately, your part is very small, in general, The opportunity eliminates its beautiful and friendly influence Qualification.So I have to conclude that you are not Treat me badly from me seriously, I decided to assign this You want to increase most of love, according to Elegant practical woman. " 

"Lord, I guarantee no matter how uncommon I am So elegant is tortured by a respected person I'd rather thank you. Sincere.Thank you over and over again. I am in your offer, but accept them absolutely. Impossible.I Bani in all aspects.I can speak? I do not think I'm an elegant woman now. What you are, but as a rational creature, tell the truth From heart." 

"You're always very lovely!"He cried for the embarrassing gaze. Valente;"I believe there is Their exceptional official parental authorizations, my offer It will not be accepted. " 

Elizabeth will go to suicide intentional Do not make any response, hurry immediately; Decision to insist on considering its refusal How to encourage people, contact your father Negative, this can be expressed in determinant ways, as well as Your behavior can not be wrong Elegant artificial creation of women and damaged. 

Chapter 20 

Mr.Collins should not meditate on him. Successful love;For Lady Baneta, The front hall will watch the meeting, see you soon. Elizabeth opened the door and took her to her. Staircase, then she entered the breakfast room and congratulated He and she are warm up about your happiness prospects. Connections closest.Mr.Collins received and returned these Happy, congratulations, then keep talking Details of your interview, the result is I believe it has a complete reason to be satisfied because It flows naturally by their stuff firmly. Of his shy modest and his true delicious Figure. 

However, this information shocked Lady Baneta;she goes I am very happy to be happy with my daughter. Protest against her offer to encourage him, but she dares I can not believe it, I can not help, but do not say. 

"But trusting him, mr.Collins, "he added:" Moon Park should It's about rationality.I'll talk directly to her.Is it over there Very right, stupid girl, I do not know her Interest, but I'll warn you. " 

"Please, I'm sorry for interrupting you, Ma'am," Mr. Cry.Collins;"but If she is very stupid, I do not know if For my man, she is a very perfect wife. A situation that naturally seeks happiness in marriage State.If she really insists on the rejection of my judgment, Maybe it's better not to get her to accept me. Because if it is easy to affect the defect, you can not The contribution to my happiness is very great. " 

"Lord, you're very wrong," said Mrs.Bantte. "Moon Park is okay with these things. All Otherwise, it's as good as before.I'll Directly gave mr.Banet, let's settle down soon She's sure. " 

She does not want to answer, but immediately hurry Her husband screams as he entered the library."Oh! Bannet, you immediately;We're all in the noise.You You should come to you.Collins because you swear, she goes Without it, if it is not worse, it will change. And none of it. " 

When Mr.Bunt entered, he looked out of the book. Calm down and do not care about her face, it's not Her communication has not changed. 

"I'm not happy to understand you" when she Her speech was complete."What did you say?" 

"Mr. Collins and in the parking lot. Park Moon announces that she will not have a husband Collins, Mr.Collins also began to say he will not The park is made. " 

"What should I do in this case? That seems to have no hope Business." 

"I personally and Park Xixi talk about this issue. Tell him to insist. She married him. " 

"Let it be called. She will hear my opinion." 

Mrs.Bannet answered the bell, Miss. Library. 

"Come, a child," he cried his father."I have Send someone to find something important.I know you. Collins married you.That's true?Isabel Answer yes."Very well-there is your marriage proposal Did you reject? " 

"I have, sir." 

"Very good, now we're talking about some ideas. Your mother insists. You accept this.No, Banet Lady? " 

"Yes, otherwise, I will never see it again." 

"An unpleasant choice before you, Elizabeth.Start today For your parents, you must be a stranger.Your mother goes If you do not marry Mr.Collins, you'll never see you, I'll go. If you want, you'll never see you. " 

Elizabeth had to smile at this conclusion. Start, but Bennet, she convinced her own The husband looks at this thing, as she is ready to see. Disappointment. 

"Mr. Banet, what do you mean? You promised I insist that she marry him. " 

"Darling, your husband said, I have two small busy." To ask.First, you will let me use my free Understand the current situation;Secondly, understand my room. I'm happy to drink you a library. " 

However, although she is very disappointed with her husband. Bannet gave me that. Again;children and threaten it.She works hard Protect simple interests;But just do your best Soft, give up the intervention;Isabel, sometimes Really serious, sometimes with impertinent happiness, please answer Her attack.However, although her attitude is different, it is determined It never was there. 

Mr. Collins and this at the same time, what is loneliness? Pass around here.It's too much not brought, I can not understand this. He could give up his motivation;although your pride I was hurt, he did not suffer from other ways. You're welcome;and she must be capable of mother The wine for, seems any regret. 

When this family is delighted, Charlotte Lucas came to And they will spend the day. Who flew her, has saved it: "I am very happy that you Come because it's very interesting here!What do you think? This morning?Mr. Collins already filed a puzzle, she He will not be here. " 

Charlotte does not have much time to answer before joining Katie, she's going to talk about the same news;they Go to the breakfast room, Lady Baneta alone than she. Likewise, start talking about this topic, visit Lucas Miss Sympathy and begged to convince your friend Follow her wishes."Reze, dear lady Lucas: "She's angry," because no one in me. Besides, no one is with me.I was used brutality, no one thinks Because of my nerve. " 

Charlotte's response fortunately, the entrance is simple Elizabeth. 

"Yes, she will come," said Mrs.Buntte, "Look. I do not care, you can not use us than we can. In York while she has the path of her.But I'm saying, lady You want to continue to reject each sentence So, married, you'll never find your husband-and I'm sure I do not know when your father is. He's already dead._ I can not hold you, so I'm warning you.I have I'll be with you today.I told you in the library, You know, I do not have to talk to you anymore, you're going. Do your best to find me.I do not like it and It is not a child of the affiliate.In fact, I'm not very happy. Talk to anyone you want.Like me, tension страдаю Complain there will be no great conversation.No one can do Tell me I'm hurt!But it's always.Those who do not have Complaining is never pathetic. " 

Her daughter listened in silence this performance, wisely Any attempt to talk to her, or comfort her attempt will only increase her That's why she did not continue to talk accidentally. Anyone in them, until the Collins joined them, he Enter the room with more solemn air than usual, then She realized who, she said to the girl, "Now, I really insist All of you, be quiet, give me and the Lord Collins talked together for a while. " 

Elizabeth is out of the room, Janet. But Lydia insisted on her position, and he was determined to hear everything. Yes;and Charlotte, held for the first time by mr. She asked her and her family. Soon, then for a little curiosity, satisfying himself He walks to the window, pretend he heard. The sad Bannet's voice began the plan in terms of: "Oh! Mr. Collins! " 

"My dear wife," he replied, "let's be silent. Point. Far from me, "he said only with sound. He notes his dissatisfaction-I hate his behavior Daughter. Renunciates to inevitable sins-the responsibility of our owners; Special responsibilities of young people like me Always in initial preferences; I believe I'm reformed. It might be Despite this, suspect in my active happiness My beautiful cousin uses her hand to respect me; Because I often See renunciation never The Blessing of Danny begins in our To assess. I hope you do not think I'll show you Dear lady, do not respect your family, so shifting my Well responsible for your daughter, without money Themselves and a bath It presents me to interfere with your power. I'm afraid that my behavior is I got your farewell, it's different. The daughter's lips are not hers. But we are all responsible Mistake. In any incident, I'm certainly good. I am one The goal is to find a friendly companion for yourself. Consider all your family interests if mine The attitude should be condemned, I'll ask for it here. My apologies." 

Chapter 21 

The talk of mr.Collins ended now, Elizabeth just need tolerate unpleasant feelings Make sure to participate, sometimes touch And this one of him? Feel mainly to express it, do not hesitate or Depression or trying to avoid it, but the attitude is difficult He barely talks to her, He is paying attention to himself so sensitive. The remaining time is translated into Miss Lucus, she Confirmation that she had listened in a timely manner freely from all of them. Especially for her friends. 

The next day the lady in the bath is not modest or Weak health.Mr.Collins is also in the same state of wrath Pride.Elizabeth, as soon as he expects his resentment to reduce The visit, but his flat does not seem to affect him. He is always going on Saturday which means on Saturday Stay here. 

After breakfast, the girls went to Merriton asking if WEHA is coming back, tight because of you Nigfield ball.When they entered the city, he joined them, and Take them to his aunt where he feels sad and worried, and Things are well discussed.In Elizabeth, However, he voluntarily recognizes his need Self-shaking. 

"I learned," he said, "with the progress of time, I'm not better See Mr.Daxi;It's in the same room at the same party. It has more than so many hours, it can exceed my resistance. These scenarios can be more unpleasant than me. " 

She highly admits her patience, they have free time Discuss completely and thank all your compliments As wog and another officer, civilized mutual reward Go back to break up when you walk, he He doubled with them. Advantage;He feels all his compliments and also Tell him the most acceptable. Country. 

Soon after returning, I sent a letter to Miss.Bannet; Comes from the field of Niger.There is a piece of envelope Elegant hot paper, little lady Beautiful chain hands;Elizabeth saw her sister's face When she read, she changed and saw in some. A specific point.Remember yourself, then This letter left, trying to join her happiness. General conversation;But Elizabeth worries This theme even attracted your attention to Veihan;not He and his companions are gone, just blinking Jane invites her to follow when they receive Your own room, simple letter: 

"This is written by Caroline Bentley; things inside make me think This is the agreement.At this point, the whole party left the field of Niger. And on the way to city-no intention Go back back.You'll hear what she said. " 

Then she read the first sentence out loud, including They only decided to follow their brothers. Direct to the city and half in omofer Street, mr.Hett has a place. "I will not pretend to regret leaving anything." Hetford, besides his society, my dear friend;but we We hope that in a certain period of future, many rewards can be appreciated We know happy sexual communication and we can also Reduce the pain of the compartment in very frequent and frequent ways I'm relying on you. The expression of Mao Fei Isabel listened to everything Nongji is not friendly;although its suddenly To move surprised, she saw nothing, really regret it; I do not think they leave Nigfield. Block Bentley from there;for his losses Society, she is convinced to stop looking at him in Pleasure of him. 

"Unfortunately, she stopped after a while," You should You can not see them before your friend gets out of this country. But we can not want the future of the future. Miss.Bentley expects to get before knowing, Happy Interity, you know, this is a friend Will it be more satisfying as a sister?Gentlemen lords Bentley will not be detained in London. " 

"Caroline said no party will come back This is the winter of Hethfordshire this year.I'll read this: 

"When my brother left us yesterday, he imagined business. Take him to London, it can be in three or four minutes. God;But we can be sure, you can not be so at the same time Of course when Charles get to the city, do not worry. To leave again, we decided to follow him there, He may have to spend his empty hours Comfortable hotel.Many friends were there Winter;I hope to hear you, my dear friend, There is some intention of being a member of the crowd-but I Despair.I sincerely hope you can be Christmas in Hetfordshire. The joy usually brought this season is everything, and You will have a lot of charm to prevent you from feeling. Let's lose our three men. " 

"Obviously," Jane, "he will not go back again. This year is winter. " 

"Obviously, Miss Bentley does not mean he. He must _." 

"Why do you think that? That should be done by them. He's his own. Owner, but you do not know everything.I'll read this article for you. This makes me particularly sad.I will not have your reservations. " 

"Mr. Dachen can not wait to see your sister; and say confession In fact, we hardly want to see her again.I really I do not think Georgia is beautiful, elegant, And achievements;and her in Louise and I was raised in more interesting things, We dared to please, she becomes a hope for our sister.I have I do not know if I mentioned my feelings. This topic;But I will not trust, get out of this country. They, I believe you will not think they are disrezable.I have The brother was very admired;He will often be Now I have the opportunity to see it on the most intimate base;Is it over there Relations are expected to be the same as it;is Sister's preference was not misleading, I think when I called Charles is the most capable of impressing any woman's heart.Alloly. These conditions contribute to attachment, nothing Prevent this, I'm wrong, my dear, potative An event that guarantees so much happiness? " 

"Dear Pu Yun, what do you think this offer is?" When she finished."Is not that clear enough? Is not that it? Obviously Carolin is not I hope you do not want me. Be your sister;She fully believes that her brother Indirect;It agrees with the essence of my feelings For him, she means (more kind!) Let me alert?Can Are there other views on this subject? " 

"Yes, you can; because I'm completely different. Will you listen? Yes?" 

"Very happy." 

"You should use a few words to express. Ms. Bentley saw her. My brother falls in love with his lady to marry Dadi. She followed him to the city, I hope to stay there and try Make sure he does not care about you. " 

The shot shook her head. 

"In fact, you must believe me. No one saw You can doubt your feelings together.MS.Bentley, I'm sure, It's not Мочь.It's not simple.You can see half Mr. Duay loves, she'll ask Wedding dress.But the situation is like this: We are not rich enough or This is enough for them;She does not seek Miss anymore Daxi represents your brother from this concept _-Wedding, she realizes that In second place;Of course there is some originality, I dare They say it will succeed if Miss of Bora is not in trouble. My dear and simple, you can not think serious because Miss Binglai said that her brother is very wonderful for Miss.day, he At the a fewest extent, their advantages are not as good as they are. Leave it on Tuesday, otherwise she will have the right Convince him that he is not in love with you, but he is very I love her friends. " 

"If we are equal about Miss.Bent, "said Jane:" Yours All these speeches can make it easier for me.But I know The fund is unfair.Caroline can not deliberately Deceive anyone;In this case, what can I expect, She is fooling. " 

"Yes. You can not start a happier idea, Because you will not feel comfortable.I believe she Deceived no matter what it is.You have already fulfilled your duties too. You need to worry. " 

"But my dear sister, I can be happy, even if it's the best, Take your sister and friends want him Wedding somewhere else? " 

"You must decide for yourself," Isabel said;If, if, Mature deep thought, you will find pain from giving up your pain Two sisters are not just equal to your happiness Wife, I suggest you reject it. " 

"How can you say that?"She said she was smiling."You should know Although I have to be them I do not agree, I can not hesitate. " 

"I did not expect you; if so, I can not Consider your situation with great sympathy. " 

"But if he does not go back this year, my choice will never be Thousand things can happen within six months. " 

He will not come back, Elizabeth was She thought it was just a suggestion. Caroline is interested in wanting, she can not be for a moment. Suppose these desires, no matter how publicly or intelligent are expressed, This can affect a young man who is completely independent of all. 

It shows your sister as much as you can. Feel this subject, soon I am lucky to see it. Happy effect.Jane is not depressed, she Gradually lead to hope, despite emotional shame Sometimes I will overcome Bentley's hope to return. Nigfield, replied to all desires in her heart. 

They agree that Lady Baneta should only hear This family did not panic on the Lord's account. Behavior;But even this part of this connection also gave you a good opportunity Restless things, she's very sorry for that reason. Women have to happen, just like they So close to each other.However after 5 Length, she has the next comfort of Bentley Once again, I'm having lunch again and again, conclusion All this is a comfortable statement although it is once She only invited her family dinner, she will pay attention to eat two Full course. 

Chapter 22 

Bannet do business, come with Lucas, then The patron of this Miss Day. lucas is good enough to listen. Mr. Collins. Elizabeth accepted this opportunity to thank her. "It makes you keep a sense of humor," she said, "I am most grateful." For you, I can not express. "Charlotte the guarantees after the other Content with use, this is totally rewarded. It is a small victim. She is very kind, but The willingness of charlotte is more than the elizabeth. Concept, your goal is just to protect him Either response, with Mr. collins, through contact with them He is alone. This is the plan of Miss. Lucas. Very lucrative when they parted at night, will be If he had gone out, I was almost successful. Hetfordshire is very fast. But here she is right She is a fiery character and independence because it makes avoid The next morning, I left the house warble lang, hurry up lucas rocky hurry to toe. It is what it is Urgent to avoid the attention of his brothers, because he is condemned If they see you leave, they will assume Design, no wonder this attempt to Its success can also be known because it seems almost Security because charlotte is enough The promotion is that it is a robot from the beginning of the adventure. On Wednesday. However, his reception is the most popular Type. Miss. Lucas saw him through the window as he walked. When you get to the house, I will go to him. On the track. But she hardly like to have a great love. Eloquence is waiting for her. 

In a short period of time, the long speech of Mr.Collins, Everything between them is solved, both sides are satisfied; When they entered the house, he honestly asked her to say her name. That day he made him the happiest man; Currently, you must give up your extension. I want to play with my happiness.Stupidity That he was born to protect him should not be injured Charming can make a woman wear she continues;and lack Lucas only accepted pure and dedicated people. Agency desires do not worry about this institution Receive. 

Sir William and Lady Luca were quickly applied I agree; this is given the happiest dexterity. lords lords Collins currently makes it the most qualified competitor His daughter, they can give you some money; The future of future wealth is extremely fair. Luca lady Start directly calculate, more interesting things I was already excited before, and mr. Banet still grieving. It can be lived; sir william uses as his decision, Whenever collins should have The property langbern, he and His wife must be in james. In short, the family is very happy. In Girls formed the hope of appearing within a year or two More than they can do, boys are released. Their fear in charlotte, old lady. The char is very quiet. She handed her. Key moments and consider the time. his reflection General level of satisfaction. I'm sure mr. Wise, unhappy; Your company is bored, your Antart should be fantastic for her. But he still will she Husband. No men or weddings much appreciated, Marriage has always been his goal; this is the only position For young women who were educated, Not sure of giving happiness to be your happy needed preservatives. Your current condom; Age 27 never happens Linda, she has good luck. Unpleasant Business environment is a pleasant surprise. Elizabeth bannett, she pays more attention to his friendship Others. Elizabeth will think or blame Is it over there; although her determination not shake, but his feelings Definitely it will be damaged by this. She decided to give her. Then the information itself accuses Mr. He returned to dnzhenben for dinner, did not reveal that Pass before any family. Commitment is Secret The course is very accomplished, but if not It's difficult; because he did not live long curiosity of excitement According to the requirements, a very simple problem is proposed when it's back. Some originality and trains should run Excellent autorenuncia because search publish their prosperity Love. 

Because he started his journey tomorrow, he could not see any In this family the license ceremony Women have changed at night;Mrs.Bantte excellent Courtesy and kindness, tell how they should see While your interaction is allowed, it will arrive a long time again. Go visit them. 

"My dear lady," he replied, "this invitation is special. Happy because this is what I always wanted;and You can be sure, I will use as soon as possible. As far as possible." 

They are very surprised;mr.Banet, he will never go I hope I can return so fast and immediately said: 

"But there is no risk that Ekaterina is not convinced here. My good sir?You better ignore your relationship, do not work There are risks that offend your wife's help. " 

"My dear husband," said Mr.Collins, I'm particularly obliged. You can trust me for caring, you can trust me. This is a significant step in the lack of the consent of the lady. " 

"You can not be too vigilant. Take any risk Not happy than she;If you think it can be You come again to meet us, I find it very much. Maybe stay home quietly, and for us Do not be angry." 

"Believe me, dear Lord, my thanks are so excited. Feel attention;Trusting him, you soon I received my letter of thanks and another Thank you for your respect during my stay.About me Brother although my lack is not enough time I need to take care of them now. And happiness beyond my cousin, Elizabeth. " 

Politely acid women;all The same surprised, he thought quickly back.Mrs. Bennet I hope what he wants to pay for it. Give her the address of a girl, Mary can be She thinks her ability is much bigger. More than anything in the world;reflex has a firm It is often about her, although she is not smart. She thinks if they are recommended to read and improve With her like her, he can become very Good fellow.But the next morning all hope This method is canceled.Miss.Lucas is connected shortly after breakfast. At a private meeting with Elizabeth, Last day. 

Mr. Collins fantasy in love with the possibility of falling Her friends took place with Elizabeth on the last day. Two;But Charlotte can encourage you to see She can encourage and she So surprisingly so big, then you need to win at the beginning. Tape label, she can no longer scream: 

"Mr. Collins is engaged! My dear Charlotte is impossible!" 

Solid face of the team Miss Lucas Your story allows a small confusion when you receive such a message Accounting;Despite the fact that it is expected, She quickly returned to peace, replaced silently: 

"Dear Eletza, why are you surprised? It's amazing that mr.Collins get any woman. Very good opinion because you are not happy to succeed Is that you?" 

But Elizabeth now remembers and becomes strong To this end, efforts can be determined for sustainability Thank you very much for their relationship. She wants all the happiness you can imagine. 

"I understand your feelings," Charlotte said."You must Surprised, very surprised-like Mr.Collins I want to marry you.But when you have time to think End, I hope you are satisfied with what I did.I have It's not romantic, you know;I never.I only ask comfortably At home;Consider identity, mr's relationship.Collins and In life I believe in my possibility of happiness This is the fairest with him. Status in marriage. " 

Isabel said quietly "undoubtedly";after embarrassment I stopped, they returned to other people in their homes.Charlotte did not do that. I stayed longer, and then Elizabeth was thinking that She heard about it.After a long time she became It corresponds to the idea that is not suitable for correspondence.Strange Mr.Collins raised two wedding stresses within three days. This can not be considered with it now.She have to I always think Charlotte's gaze for marriage is not completely Like her, but she does not think it's possible, When asking for measures, it sacrifices everything. A sense of social benefits.Mr.'s wife.Collins Charlotte The most annoyed photo!Swamp with friend Let yourself be embarrassed and dive into your self-esteem, added Painful faith in the fact that a friend is impossible It is very happy in the field of your choice. 

Chapter 23 

Elizabeth and his mother and sisters sit together thinking She knew if she was in doubt. When it comes to this, when William Lucas personally, he A daughter declared to a family. Praise and The link between the house, he launched this thing is a The audience is not only curious, but doubts;For Lady Baneta, More perseverance, not educated, protest should Completely wrong;Lydia, there is always no training, often uncivilized, Tall shout: 

"God! Sir William, how do you say this story? You know that mr.Can Collins want to marry the problem? " 

Only the complimentary obedience can carry Without anger, this is treatment;But Sir William is a good education He experienced everything;although he asked to leave He hears the authenticity of his information. They are coarse with the most educated patient. 

Elizabeth, I feel that she is responsible for saving him from this situation. Unpleasant situation, is now confirmed by him Referring the situation you learned from Charlotte before It belongs;and try to stop your cries Mother and sisters sincerely congratulate Sir William, Jas, and she's happy to join. Make different comments to happiness Anxious for this game, mr.Collins is a great personality, Huntsford is very close to London. 

In fact, the lady in the shower was surprised and said a lot. Sir William is still there;but he left them His feelings are quickly ventilated.First of all, she Do not believe in all things;Second, she I'm very sure that mr.Collins led;The third, she I believe they will never be happy;in fourth place, The game can be interrupted.However, two conclusions Of the whole, it will be clear: first, Isabel is true The reason for the noise;The other is your own He was abused by all of them;in these two points she Most stayed for the rest of the day.Nothing can do Console it, nothing to comfort it.There is no clothing on that day. She can see Elizabeth a week later. I did not reply it, I've spent a month, she's still not talking. Give William or Lucas, not rude, several months She still did not come and forgave their daughter. 

Mr.Bunnat is much quieter. As he experienced, he claims that they are the most Nice type;he said because he is very happy to detect Charlotte Lucas, he's accustomed to The idea so stupid as his wife is stupid Daughter! 

Jane is a little surprised by this game;but she Instead of saying that she is so surprised, she is better to tell. Happiness of her;Isabel can not convince her to consider this Katie and Lydia are far from Miss.Lucas, Because mr.Collins is just a shepherd;He has an impact on them. In addition to the distribution of news in Merriton. 

Ms. Lucas can not be fooled by victory Lady anti-folded has the comfort of the daughter Married;more frequently than usual Tell me how happy she is, although Lady Baneta looks good. Speaks without separate may be enough to promote happiness Go away. 

There is a limitation between Beetka and Charlotte. They are silent in this subject;Isabel feels convinced. There is no real confidence between them. She is disappointed with Charlotte to make her more like For your sister, she is sure that her integrity and exquisite Opinions will never shake, who is the happiness of happiness? Every day more worried because Bentley left a week. I've never heard of him back. 

I just sent an anticipated answer to Caroline, Numbers as long as she has a reason to listen again. Mr.Collins promised to come by letter. Tuesday, write to your father, and all Residence in the family twelve months You can have a clue.After making your conscience Head, he keeps telling them, very excited Expression, is disconcerted They are like lucas and then explain Just to enjoy his society, he once So be ready to finish them again to see it again. Lombard, does he expect where I can go back on Monday? Two weeks;for Lady Catherine, he added, very honestly recognized him Wedding, she hopes that this happens as fast as possible. He believes that this will be an argument that can not be answered. The kindness that Charlotte said she did The happiest man. 

Mr. Collins is back in Heitefordshire, no more problem She is the same. Like her husband, she's trying to complain.It's very weird He should come to Langburn instead of Lucas Hotel;This is It is also very uncomfortable, very unpleasant.She hates When her health is so indifferent, there are visits in the house. Lovers are the most unpleasant in each.Such as A soft whisper of the bath, they only gave. Mr.Bentley remains absent to make him a large number of problems. 

Jane Elizabeth is unhappy with this question.Someday Last day, he did not bring any other news. More than the next Merrin reported No more go to Nigfield throughout the winter;report I never denied it. The most shameful lie. 

Even Elizabeth began to be afraid-not to say that Bentley is not worried-but Your sisters successfully reject you. She does not want to admit that a simple idea is so destructive. Happiness, her lover stability is so uncomfortable, she It is impossible to avoid frequent cases.Common efforts He is two devious sisters and his friends embraces, Attractions and Miss entertainment assistance.dawie She was worried that London can be too much because his power Attachment. 

As for Jane, your concern on this wait, of course, It is more painful than Elizabeth, but no matter what she thinks. The desire to hide, between her and Isabel, Then this theme was never mentioned.But such A delicious inhibits her mother, I'm too small for an hour. She did not speak of Bentley, nor expressed her impatience with him. Arrival or even ask Jane to confirm that he is not coming After returning, she will think she is not accustomed to it.This requires everything Stabilize these patient attacks Quiet. 

Mr.Collins came back in two weeks on Monday, but his The reception of Lomban is not as good as before. In your first introduction.However, it is very happy, there is no need Very worried;Fortunately for others, Making love, let them free from their comrades.In Every day, leaders spend a hotel Lucas, he Sometimes coming back to Lance Boy just excuses in time Because he's not there before the family sleeps. 

Lady Baneta is really a state.The most important Anything about the game made her enter No humor, no matter where she gone, she must hear. See Miss.Lucas left her disgusting. She looked at her in this house. Whenever Charlotte looks at them, she concluded She is anxious to buy time;whenever she Mr. Collins saved, I'm sure we were Speaking on the property of Langburn and decides to surrender Mr. Bunte left, her daughter left the house. She complained about it to her husband. 

"In fact, mr. Banet," she said, "It's hard to imagine Charlotte Lucas must be loving this house. It should be forced to guide and live to see that it takes She's in position! " 

"Honey, do not leave this idea of design. Let's wait for For better things.Let's think it is, I can be Survivor." 

It is not very comforting for a banete, so She gave no answer, but continued as before. 

"I can not bear that they should have all this property. If It's not for the burden, I do not care. " 

"What do you care?" 

"I do not care about anything." 

"Let's thank you for saving this state Insensitive." 

"Mr. Banet, I'll never be grateful for anything Need.Someone will have a conscience to carry I can not understand the property of my daughter;everything for Also for mr.Collins!Why should I have more Are there other people? " 

"I'll make myself decide," said Mr.Bante. 

Chapter 24 

Miss.Bentley is here, ending with a dispute. The first offer sends a guarantee of all solutions The end of his brother ends in London Since there is no time to pay tribute to your friends Hetfordshire was before leaving this country. 

I hope it is finished, is totally finished; The rest of the letter she found very little except The author's feelings can give you any comfort. Daxi's compliment is her leader.Many of your attractions Keep living, Caroline boasted them. More intimate and fat forecasting achievements She expressed her desire to express in the previous letter.Is it over there She is also very happy to write, her brother is a prisoner. Mr.Dachen, Mention Some happy plans The last thing about new furniture. 

Elizabeth, I'm just talking to her. This is heard in a quiet wrath. Heart of her is divided Take care of your sister and between the resentment of all Others. Caloria said your brother Miss. Dawie was not paid. He really likes, She never doubted, it's like she once Always like him, she can not Ira, almost without contempt, for this relaxed character, The lack of an appropriate definition, this made his slave Draw friends and bring to sacrifice your own happiness They tend to meet. Has its own happiness, However, as a single victim, it can be admitted Use it to train anywhere, but it Sister's participation because she thinks he must be very wise. He is alone. In short, this is a reflection of the theme Long-term leniency should not be used. She can not think about what she can not think of Otherwise; However, if Bentley's respect has really disappeared, or Decoded by her friends; Realize you, or if it slides Watch; No matter what the situation, despite her opinions about him Must be your sister's subject The situation remains unchanged and its peace was also affected. 

I went through one or two, and I have the courage to talk about her. The feeling of Elizabeth;But after all, Mrs.Buntte left them. Together after stimulation of the Niger field is longer than usual And I love her, she can not stop saying: 

"Oh, my dear mother has more control to herself! She can do I do not know what she keeps bringing. Thinking about him.But I will not refuse.It will not last long. It will be forgotten, we will all be the same as before. " 

Elizabeth looked at his sister with doubtful care, but I said nothing. 

"You doubt me," just shout, slightly colors;"Really, you have It may be in my memory as my man. Acacia, but only.I have no hope. Fear, nothing to blame him.Thank you goodbye!I do not have any _ It's pain.So a little time-I'll try my best Become better. " 

She quickly added in a stronger voice: "I have this comfort. Immediately, this is just a fantasy error I'm here, besides me, did not hurt anyone. " 

"My dear crane!"Elizabeth cried, "You're very good. You're the one. Sweet and altruistic really angel;I do not know What is for you?I think I treated you at the fair, or I love you, you deserve it. " 

Miss.Bantte wants to deny all the advantages and lie off She supports her sister's compliment. 

"No," Elizabeth said, "It's unfair." You want to think about everyone. This world is worthy of respect.If I say that someone is bad, I will hurt. I just want to think that you are perfect, and you Do not be afraid to have experienced an extra. Violation of your good universal privilege. No. I really like very little, but less I think he's very good.The more you saw this world, the more I Not satisfied with him;Every day they confirmed my right All human papers and small characters are incompatible Depending on the advantages of appearance or I feel.I received twice recently, I will not Question;Other is Charlotte's wedding.It's irresponsible! With each angle is not responsible! " 

"My dear blue, do not let you feel good. They are in I will destroy your happiness.You do not have enough benefits The situation is different from nature.Consider mr.Collins Well, as well as a reasonable character of Charlotte. Remember that she is a member of a big family;As for wealth, This is the most acceptable game;and ready to believe because Look at everyone, she can feel Dear our cousin. " 

"To help you, I'll try to believe in almost anything, but not As can benefit others;because I Convince Charlotte to have any concern with him, I just have to I think his understanding is worse than me now.I have Dear Jane, Mr.Collins is responsible, the steward heart beat, Stupid people;You know he's just like me;You should feel like Like me, women who marry him can not have the right Method of thought.You can not protect you although Charlotte Lucas, you do not need to switch to a person The meaning of principles and integrity does not work You or me, selfish care and fit non-friendly Happiness of happiness. " 

"I have to think you said that the language is very strong" Just answer;"I hope you can see it. They are very happy together.But that's enough.What did you mention? Others.You mentioned _ two copies.I can not barely understand you. But I'm asking, dear blue, do not let me suffer because I think so. People have to blame, and say you have already loaded your opinions.We have to do Do not think about fantasy, you are deliberately injured.We have to do Do not wait for a busy young man, always as careful Caution.usually only our own vanity To deceive us.The admiration of the female imagination means more. " 

"Men must be careful." 

"If it is intentional, they are not reasonable; but I have I do not know so many designs in the world. People represent. " 

"I never assign any part of Bentley's behavior Design, "Elizabeth said;"but did not plan something wrong, or go Let others be unhappy, there may be errors, or there will be pain. Abroad, without attention to others, And you need a solution to make your business. " 

"Are you guilty in one?" 

"Yes; until the end. But if I continue, I'll make you unhappy. Tell me my eyes on people who respect you. Cans of cans. " 

"So, will it insist that your sisters will affect you?" 

"Yes, with your friends." 

"I do not believe that. Why are they trying to influence you? I can only wish you happiness;If he depends on me, no Other women protect this. " 

"Your first place is not like that. They can also expect many things. Your happiness;They may want their wealth to increase Results;they may want him to marry the owner The importance of money, good relationships and pride. " 

"There is no doubt that they really hope he will choose Miss Dawie-Answer the way Jane;"But you can come better than you feel better. They have more time than they know more than they know. I'm not surprised if they love her anymore.But no matter what they are They hardly oppose them My sister will think I can do this freely. If it's not too disgusting?If they believe He trusts me, they will not try to separate us;If he is, They can not succeed.Suppose such feelings, you do Everything is not natural and wrong, I am the most unhappy.Do This idea will not make me worry.I'm not previous Error-or at least it is light, compared to this is not Think of him or the sisters I will feel.Let I put it under the best light, put it under the possible light. Clean." 

Isabel can not be against such a desire;From now on, Lord The name Bentley is rarely mentioned between them. 

Mrs.Bantte is still curious and angry with her return. No, although Isabel has a few days a day. Without explanation, she has little opportunity. Consider this with less confusion.Your daughter works hard. That she believes she does not believe him. Only worried only general Briefly, as when he no longer saw it;but Although the possibility of declaration has been recognized at the time, She has the same story every day to repeat.Bannet Lady is the best It's a pleasure that mr.Bentley was in the summer. 

Mr.It is different from the relation of this issue."So, Pu Yun," he said. One day, I met her sister in love.Congratulations Is it over there.In addition to getting married, a girl likes to get a little upset You even entered the love of the river.That's what it's worth thinking, it gives you. She has a difference with her companions.When is this round for you? Come over?Difficult to tolerate.Now Your time.Merriton has an employee who arrives to lose the disillusionment of all Girl in the field.Let's be his man.He A good guy will rely you sincerely. " 

"Thank you, sir, but a man who is not very expensive will make me happy. We are You are confident that everyone will not wait for the simple luck. " 

"Yes," said Mr.Bante, but think it's comfort No matter which person you find, you are deeply affected. Mother will make full use of that. " 

Mr. Society.Weihan eliminates Dark night incidents played a lot Of the Lancep family.They often see, for him It is now added to the general recommendation.In Elizabeth listened to all the content, he Daxi, and all he was injured now is publicly Recognize and open the lobby;Everyone is very happy You know how much you have, mr.daxi I do not know anything about it. 

Miss.Banet is the only one who can think In anything, it's unknown Society Ghetfordshire;It is tender and sustainable Order allows and asks errors-but Mr.Daxi was convicted of others as worse. 

Chapter 25 

After a week of career and love plan Felity, Mr.Collins was called his friend Charlotte Arrival on Saturday.However, the separation of pain can Reduce, prepare for reception Your bride;because he has reasons to wait in his Returns the hatfordshire to be defined as May he be the happiest person. Lanserian is as serious as before;I wish you just The brothers are healthy and happy and promise their father. Another letter of thanks. 

Next Monday, the lady in the bath is very happy. Get your brothers and wife, they are like the usual expenses Christmas in Langon.Mr.Cadner is a wise man. You are much bigger than your sister too. Nature as education. It is difficult to believe in people who trust in commercial life The scenery of your own warehouse can be so taken as Mrs. Gardner, a few years older than you. Lady Baneta and Phillips are friendly, intelligent, elegant The woman is the woman who loves all her long niece. Especially between two older children and their own, there is a They usually live with it. Of the city. 

The first part of Mrs.Calner arrived. Distribute your gift, describe the latest fashion.When Therefore, it has a less active role to play.He became him Turning around.Mrs.Bantte has a lot of dissatisfaction, and There are many complaints.They went out later The last time I saw her sister.The two daughters of it arrived Wedding, after all there is nothing in it. 

"I'm not strange," he continued: "Because of the brief acceptance If you can, mr.Benley.But punch!Oh, my sister!It's hard to me Mr.'s wife.Collins can think of her. Time, or their own metamorphosis.He made her become Only in this room, she refused him. Yes, Lady Lucas will marry her daughter before I There is, and the property of Langburn and Forever.Lucas is very intelligent, sister.They are in Everything for them can get.I'm sorry, but I said, but Yes. This makes me very nervous and bad, disappointed. My own family, there are those who want to be their neighbors. Before someone.However, when you arrive at this time The greatest comfort, I am very happy to hear you. Tell us, long sleeves. " 

Mrs. Gardner, responsible for this news, told her. Previously in Jane Elizabeth She gave her a little answer to her sister, and her sympathy. Prostitutes have changed the subject. 

Later, when I was alone with Elizabeth, she was Theme."It looks like a perfect match Jane, "she said." I'm sorry that has burst.But these things are happening Often this!A man like mr.Bentley, then Easy to fall in love with a beautiful girl in a few weeks when Separate them exactly, so easy to forget it, then it is It is not always very frequent. " 

"It's a great comfort," Elizabeth said, but it's You will not do that.We will not suffer accidentally.This is not what An intervention that often happens to convince Young people with independent wealth do not consider another girl Just a few days ago, he fell in love with him. " 

"But the expression of violence in" love "is so engraved, then Suspect, so uncertain, so I have little idea.Is that it is Usually suitable for half an hour after the feeling Acacia, both for real and strong binding.Pray as violence This is Mr.Bentley? " 

"I've never seen more promising suder; it grows It is unhappy with the other, and all God is always in Him.Each one When they meet, everything gets stronger and more attractive.By myself Bauer took two or three young women because he did not ask them. Dancing, I spoke twice, but I did not understand. Response.Is there better symptoms?Universal uncivilized The essence of love? " 

"Oh, yes! I think he already felt this love. Poor simple!I'm sad for her because, with her temper, she It may not be overcome immediately.It is best to happen You, Park, you're going to laugh very quickly. But you think she'll be convinced to go back with us? Changing the scene can be useful-perhaps a little relief It can be useful as nothing at home. " 

Elizabeth is very satisfied with this offer and feels I am convinced by her sister. 

"I hope," Ms. added.Gardner, "I do not think so. This young man will affect her.We live in such a friend. As part of the city, all our links are so different and how you are As everyone knows, we have very little time, it is very impossible. They should meet if it really does not come to her. " 

"And this is impossible; because he is now Friends of him, mr.Dawie can not support him. Just in London!My dear aunt, how can you think Mr.Daxi can hear this place. Grass Street, but he barely thinks in a bath month. Is enough to clean your impurities if it came That;Trusting him, mr.Bentley will never do anything. " 

"Lots.I hope you do not meet She will not talk to her sister? Help me call. " 

"She will refuse completely from friends." 

But although Isabel really suffered Put this and more interesting Bentley refused to see, she felt In this matter, she was sure she had taken the exam. Do not think it's no hope.It is possible, sometimes She thinks her feelings can rise, Her friends were successful. A more natural effect of simple desire. 

Mrs. Bantte accepted happy the invitation of my aunt; Bentley has no other ideas in your mind When she hopes Caroline does not like her in the same house. Brother, she can spend a day with her sometimes, no Have you ever seen his risk? 

Cadner is in Lombard per week; Phillips, Lucas and officers, without day There is no participation.Bannet offers very carefully Your brother and your fun sister, they are not Sit down and eat a family dinner. At home, some employees are always involved in that Mr.Weihan is certainly one of them;in this case, Mrs.Cortaire is suspicious by Elizabeth. 21 years of praise, she watched them strictly.Without hypothesis According to him, they are very serious and they love them Preference to each other enough to make it a bit It's not easy, she decided to talk to Elizabeth. Let Hetfordshire and represent it. Encourage this rash of attachment. 

For Ms.Gardner, Ueh has a happy way. It is not related to his overall power.About ten years or ten years Before, marriage, she spent a lot of time Part of Derbinh in Derbir.They have, So many dating are common;even if weihan has There were few people there after Dachen's father's death. He has the ability to make her understand her previous intelligence Friends who bought more than her. 

Mrs.Gardner saw Penbola and met the late Daren. Very good personality.So here's infinite To distinguish the subject, compared to his memories of Penberley. Veham can give detailed description Give it a quarterly function I love, she likes him and loves her. Family with this SR treatment.Daway, she Try to remember any of the characters of the famous Lord When a young man can agree with this and have confidence Finally, she remembered mr's words.Fitz William Dawie. I was a very proud and poor boy. 

Chapter 26 

Warning of Mrs.Canada for Elizabeth in time and friendly I have the opportunity to talk to her for the first time. A man alone;After sincerely said her thought, she is. Open: 

"You teach a girl, Park Moon, can not just fall in love Because someone warns you not;So I do not I'm afraid to disclose.Seriously, I'll make you in yours. Beware of this.Do not leave or try to give you participation The lack of wealth will make very rare feelings. I have nothing to say to him;He is the most interesting person. Young;if he has the richness he must have, I must I do not think it's better.But in fact you can not leave Your fantasies run with you.If you mean, we're all looking forward to You use it.Your father relies on his determination I dare be sure, good behavior.You can not let your father disappoint. " 

"My dear aunt, this is very serious." 

"Yes, I hope you can take this seriously." 

"So you do not have to be alert. I'll take care of it. I am myself, but also Mr.Weihan.He will not fall in love with me, If I can stop. " 

"Elizabeth, you're not serious now." 

"Sorry, I'll try again. I have no love in love." Mr. Uzhan;No, certainly not.But he, in addition Compare, the most beautiful person who has already become Really tied me-I believe it should be better like this No, I saw this eruption.Oh!Mr.Daxie is very angry! My father's opinion is my biggest honor, I Ride, it must be painful.However, my father is partial. Mr. Uzhan.In short, my dear Auntie, I have to regret a lot. Become a means to make you unhappy;But because we saw everything Local, young people are very new Refused to enter due to the urgent need for wealth Interaction with each other, how can I guarantee the proportion? If I'm trying, my many companions or how can I? Do you know that resistance is wise?All I can guarantee So do not worry.I will not worry Believe in your first goal.Be with him Oh, I do not want to.Anyway, I'll do my best. " 

"Maybe if you stop coming here Often.At least you should not remember your mother Invite it. " 

"As I did in the last few days," Isabel smiled as if he were aware. "Yes, it's better to do it like this. But not You have no idea that it is always here many times.It is in your They say he's invited this week.You Understand my mother's idea about the need to accompany many times For your friend.But I will actually try my best with my honor. I think it's wise;Now I hope you are satisfied. " 

Her aunt guarantees, thank you. By his kindness they are separated;amazing Give the example proposed at the moment, Unhappy. 

Mr. Collins was soon for Hertfordshire They received Gardner and were discarded;But when he started his residence With Lucas, his arrival is not very uncomfortable for you. Bannet.Your marriage is coming soon, she The length so far has dismissed thinking that it is inevitable, even In response to the pathological tone, she "I hope _ They can be very happy."Thursday is the day of the wedding, so Miss Lucas forgave fourth;When she rose Caution, Elizabeth, Shame on your mother Ready to earn, sincerely affects, She accompanied her from the room.When they go down Charlotte said: 

"I often trust your letter, they." 

"You are going." 

"I have to ask for help. You came to see me?" 

"I hope we will find us many times in Heiteford." 

"I will not leave Kent for a while. Promise me, That's why it's in Hundford. " 

Elizabeth can not give up although she does Visit. 

"My father and Mary will come to me in March," Charlotte added. "I hope you agree to be a party member. Actually, I do, You will be welcome like any of them. " 

Marriage performed; Bride and groom go to Kent Of the entrance to the Church, each has many words, or It looks like this as usual. Elizabeth quickly received your letter Your image communication Before, it should be also not reserved Impossible. Elizabeth never calls her feelings. Intimate comfort is finished, despite the definition As a reporter, do not let go, what is it? One day, not in the past. The first letter from Charlotte I accept with a strong desire; only I want to know how she's going to talk about her new home, how is she? When you want Catherine how much she goes Must be; However, when the letters are read, Elizabeth thinks Charlotte expressed herself at all times. It may have been provided. She wrote happy, she seems, Comfort she can not praise. In Houses, Furniture, Communities and Roads for Her I like, the behavior of Mrs. Catherine is the most friendly Commitment. This is Mr. Collins Hensu Crawford and Rosen Rationally softened; Isabel realized she had to wait Let her go there to find out the rest. 

Jane wrote several lines for her sister to declare They come safely in London;When she wrote again, Elizabeth I hope she can tell Bentley. 

She received the impatient impatience of the second letter I do not have time to stay in town. Or listen to Caroline's news.She explained this, However, suppose she gives the last letter to her friend from Lomban is lost because of the unexpected. 

"My aunt, she continued," Go tomorrow In the city, I take this opportunity to call. Irrigation on the street. " 

After the end of the visit, she was writing again, she saw the lady. Bentley."I do not think Caroline is in the spirit," she said: "But she's very happy to see me and blame me for giving She did not pay attention to me to come to London.So I'm right, my She never received the last letter.I asked them Brother, for sure.He is very good, but it is too much to interact. Daxi, rarely saw him.I thought Miss Dadi An expected dinner.I hope I can see it.My visit is not Long time Caroline and Hast Lady has to leave.I dare tell me. I'll see you here soon. " 

Elizabeth shook her head for this letter.Makes her believe The accident can only do mr.Bentley, discover your sister Of the city. 

It spent four weeks, but I did not see it. Struggling to convince yourself, it does not regret;but She will never see Bent's negligence. Waiting for two weeks every morning, she then invented Every night is a new excuse, and the visitor finally did it. Appearance;But she lived for a long time, even more, Changing your relationship will make you fool yourself She wrote her sister this time. To prove her feelings. 

"I believe that my dear strong blue will fail." You are determined to recognize me. Miss. Bentley is totally fooled by my respect. But, My dear sister, despite proving that you are right, is not If I still insist on considering this Conduct, my self-confidence is as natural as you think. I am one I do not understand that she wants to be intimate. I'm with me, but if the same situation happen again, I'm going Of course I have to be deceived again. Caroline did not come back to visit me. Until yesterday, no, no, I have At the same time. When she really came, she did not Among them, she did not make a small, formal apologies, because I called earlier, I did not say a word, I hope to see myself again, and Always replace the creature in all aspects so when After leaving, I will determine my mind to continue knowing. More time. I apologize even if you can not help it. She is very good Like her, I'll choose me wrong, I can have an idea She started walking closely. But I agree with her because She has to feel that she is wrong because I am I'm sure her brother's anxiety is the cause. I need Do not explain again, even if we know this alarm It is easy to explain if you feel, but feel it easy to explain. Because of her behavior to me, just like his Sister, whether she represents what he thinks about nature. Kind. However, I have doubts that she has it. I'm scared now because if it really is, then we have to I knew him a long time ago. I'm sure he knows I'm in the city. What she says he said, however, with her path, She seems to want to convince himself. I really lost Dacheng. I do not understand. If I am I'm not afraid of Judgeting, I almost want to say It's all a strong mouth. But I am Will try to eliminate all painful ideas, just consider What will make me happy-your love and constant My dear uncle and Candy. Let me receive your letter a lot Coming soon. Miss. Bentley said a few things she would never come back again. Nigeria went back to cleaning the house, but Definition. We'd better not mention it. I am very happy We gave you a good description in Huntsford. Please look at them with Sir William and Mary. I believe you It will be very comfortable there. -You and so on. " 

This letter gave Isabel some pain;But her spirit recovered. She thinks she's not fooling my sister. At least all the expectations of my brothers are absolute. She does not even want him to pay attention. Her personality is plunged into every comment for him; He, as simple advantages, is sincerely hope He can soon marry Mr. Sister.Daxi, just like Weihan. In the bill, she would let him very sorry for dropping things. Go away. 

Mrs.Gardner made Elizabeth this time. About the Lord and the necessary information; Elizabeth had to do such a voice because she was quite satisfied Her aunt is better than her. Her attention is over, he is a fan of others. Elizabeth is overcome enough to see all this, but she can see Write without pain.Heart Her has always been, but A little touched, her vanity is satisfied with the faithful If wealth is allowed, it will be unique choice. That.Suddenly 10,000 pounds the most Now he has an extraordinary charm of this girl. He is very satisfied;But Elizabeth, maybe This case is greater than Charlotte's case, not because of him On the contrary, there is nothing more important than that. Nature;Although you can take over to spend a little money Work hard to give up on her, she's ready to do this wise Both sides have any measurements and sincerely want it Happy. 

Mrs.Gardner admitted everything;After appropriate In that case, she continued: "I'm sure now, my dear Tetri, I've never been in love;Because I really am I experienced such a clean and exciting passion, I owe now It was her evil name and I wish you badly.But mine Feelings are not just his enthusiasm;they are really Miss Gao is fair.I do not know, I hate it. Or I do not want to think it's very good. A bit like a girl.All this has no love.My warning This is effective;Although I should certainly be I wonder if all my friends are upset. I loved it, I can not say I'm sorry for the comparison Nothing like that.The importance is sometimes very high. Katie and Lisia pay more attention to your loyals. They are still very young in the world, but Shameful belief is a handsome young man, must have something As simple. " 

Chapter 27 

There are no more events than in the Ramian family too Otherwise, it will become diverse, walking to Merriton. In January and February passed, sometimes dirty and cold. Go away. Mart will take Elizabeth to Huntsford. It's not her First, let's see this seriously; But Charlotte, she I quickly discovered that she gradually acknowledged. Consider it with great happiness and great happiness No, she would like to see Charlotte. Once again, her disgust for mr. Collins was weakened. In planning, and so Sisters, the house can not be perfect, there are a little The change itself is not desirable. Also, give a simple way; shortest, over time In the neighborhood she is very sorry for any delay. Everything, However, progress is smooth and finally according to The first drawing of Charlotte. She accompanies Sir William and His second daughter. Improvement one night London is added in time, the plan is perfect as planned Perhaps. 

The only pain is to leave your father, he will definitely lose She, who speaks, rarely likes her Go, he let her write to him, almost agree Answer her letter. 

Your offer between her and Weihan is perfect Friendly;standing on him.Your current search can not be Let him forget Elizabeth-the first excited man It pays for her attention, the first person hears and symbolizes, First fall in love;dismiss I wish you the best, reminds you to do what it does. Anxious by Burr Catherine, I believe in your opinions Her-her opinions are all-always coherent, there is a Care, something she thinks will be interested in Firmly with the most sincere payment;It's separated from him, I'm sure If you are married or single, he must always be her example Different, beautiful. 

The next day, travelers do not see it. I feel he's going wrong.William Lucas Lord and his daughter Maria, the humorous girl, but with him, Nothing, it's not good. Just like the sound of the carriage.Isabel I like funny, but she knows that Sir William is very long.He I can not tell her the miracle of her speech. The status of the knight;Courtesy of him is exhausted as his Information. 

It's only 24 km, they started At noon on Grass street. Mr. Door.Gardner, just looking at the living room window. They arrived;When they entered the channel, she was there. Welcome to them, Elizabeth, looks at her face seriously. I am very happy to see that it is good health and beautiful.In the stairs This is a group of little boys and girls, they seek them The appearance of a cousin does not allow them Living room, they are shy because they have not seen her a long time ago. Twelve months, prevent them from falling.All happiness and Good. This day is very nice;morning Horses and shopping, and on one of the movie nights. 

Elizabeth then tried to sit next to his aunt. This is her sister;He heard this news, she's sadder, not surprised, When answering her request, although she is simple Strive to support her spirit, have a period of time Upset.reasonable, however, I hope they will Mrs.Gardner also gave it to her. Miss Bentley visit Grass Street and repeat Dialogue occurs in different times It proves that the first is from the heart. Go to friends. 

Then Mrs.Gardner called his niece in Weihan's race and I praised her for doing it. 

But my dear Isabel, added, what kind of girl loses? King?I would regret thinking about our other mercenary. " 

"Reze, my dear aunt, which is different from the wedding An incident between hired and careful motives? A complete end, beginning of greed?Last year you're very scared. He married me because he was a sarcullid;now, Because he wants to find a girl only 10,000 pounds, You want to know that he is a mercenary. " 

"If you can tell me which girl is Miss Jin, I'll go You know what you think. " 

"I believe she's a very kind girl. I do not know Is it over there." 

"But he's not the slightest warning since she Grandpa's death became the lady of this wealth. " 

"No-why is he doing this? If it is not allowed to receive _ My _ _ Feelings because I do not have money when it will be there Because also the girl he does not care about love Is this the same poverty? " 

"But guiding your attention, it seems not adequate I'll go right after this thing ends. " 

"A complex person does not have time to do these things. Another elegant label that others can observe.If she does this Do you mind why we should resist? " 

"She does not care to prove that he's right. Just shows that she Something-feelings or feelings are missing. " 

"Okay," Elizabeth cried, "as you choose. He must be Weli is a photo, it will be very stupid. " 

"No, Pune, that is, I do not choose. Sorry, sorry, You know, a young man lives so long. Derbyshire. " 

"Oh! If that's all, I'm very poor for young people. They live in Tipping;and they live in Hetherford will not go.I hate them all.Thank you Paradise!I'll go tomorrow where I'm going to find a Nice quality, nothing I recommend this.Stupid person is the only thing worth learning in Everything." 

"Guaranteed, park, strongly speaks tastes Disappointment." 

She's already Invite it to accompany the unexpected happiness of your uncle Aunt on a good trip they offer In the summer. 

"We do not decide to take us to where point," said the lady. Gardner, "but maybe go to the lake." 

Elizabeth and his plan still have the right. Accept the invitation is the most prepared and grateful."Oh my Honey, dear Auntie, "she cried," I'm so happy! " Thermati!You gave me new life and life. Disappointed and angry.Young people on rocks and From the mountain?We have to spend a few hours transporting! Come back, it will not be like other travelers, do not You can give the idea exact to anything.We will know that Where are we going to remember what we see. Shanchuan, no more You're welcome;when we try to describe any specific Step, should we begin to fight for our relative situation? _ _ 第一 们们 第一 流 那 那 那 The versatility of the traveler. " 

Chapter 28 

Each object on the second day is new and interesting Isabel;Her spirit is in a happy state;because she I see that her sister looks very good, eliminates all the fear of her. Health, the expectation of your northern trip is constant Happy fountain. 

When they leave the road to Huenzford, every eye Looking for the pastor's residence, expected every time That it appears in sight.The rosinsky park fence is your edge Elizabeth is the smile of his memories. I heard of my staff. 

The pastor's final residence can be determined. The garden is inclined The road, standing in the house, is pale green, and Laurell Gick, everyone announced that they would come. Charlotte appeared on the door, the carriage parked A small door leads to the house of a small gravel road. Good and smile at all the party. After a while they Everyone came out of the carriage and I saw another party. Mrs. Collins was very happy to receive his friend and Elizabeth is becoming more and more satisfied. She received a reception so affectionate. She immediately saw her In the name of the doctor she has not changed because of her marriage; your employee The same is true, it is detained. After a few minutes at the door I heard and answered his request. Members of her family. They were then at the moment, except for their indication, no other delay Sai from the clean, enter the house; When they reached the living room, he received them for the second time. With a sport comes to your simple residence, and in time Repeat all your wife's tea. 

Elizabeth is ready to see his glory, it can not Help fantasy, show good proportions Room, their appearance and furniture, belongs to the voice Especially for her, it seems that I hope she feels. Lost rejects. But although everything seems very clean Convenient, you can not use any breath to serve you Regret, but with surprise looks at his friend He will be very happy with such satellites. Mr. Collins said any wife can reasonably She is not ashamed of itself, it is certainly not uncommon. She looked at the charlotte. I can point out one or two times A faint blush, but generally not heard charlotte. back Seat long enough, you can enjoy Number plates for wing, give Your trip, and everything that happened in London, sr. Collins offers to go to the garden, Great and good layout, and what grew Be careful. Working in this garden your most Dear happiness, Isabel The charlotte speaks of healthy people. This is an exercise she calls as much as possible. Here leads each floor and crossing, and He asked, almost no range to express praise Because each view is short, left Beautiful completely behind. Each box can number Direction, you can tell how many trees there Distance from the bus. But in your garden or This country or kingdom has no one can compare with him. First rosin plan, from the tree to open Sit in the park, almost in front of his house. Is that A beautiful modern building is located on the hill. 

From your garden, mr.Collins will take them around. Meadow;but women, no boot to meet The rest of the white frost, turn; Charlotte accompanied him and took his sister and friends. House, very happy, maybe there's a chance Show without your husband's help.It's too small, But build well, convenient;Everything is ready Organization of nature and coherence with Isabel All Charlotte loans.When Mr.Collins is forgotten, There is a very comfortable atmosphere of head to tip. Charlotte's obvious pleasure, Elizabeth believes he should Often forgotten. 

She already knows that Ms.Catherine is still Nation.when they eat when Mr. Collins joined and noted: 

"Yes, Miss Elizabeth, you're lucky to see women Catherine de Lucas next Sunday in the church, I need It's not that she likes you.She is friendly Modesto, I have no doubt, but you will be some After finishing the service, some of your warning.I have little Herd she will include you and my sister Maria During his stay, she sent us all the invitations. She is very charming with the behavior of my dear Charlotte.we are in Roscus can never go home twice a week.Is it over there The lady of the freight ordered regularly.I have to say, Transport transportation because it has several. " 

"Mrs. Catherine is a very respectable and wise woman" Charlotte added: "Also a very careful neighbor." 

"This is very correct, dear, that's what I said. She's the only one. A woman who can not pay too much. " 

At night they speak mainly about Hetfordshire news. Say what I wrote again;when he Near, Elizabeth, alone in her room, you have to Attentive satisfaction Charlotte, Understand Her speech sits for her, pamper her Husband and admits that everything is done very well.Is it over there I have to wait for her visit, and the tranquil man of Troja In your usual work, mr.unfounded And his joy with Lukin. Living imagination will soon solve all this. 

About the next day because she's in her room When you go, the noise below seems to explain everything. Chaotic house;After listening for a while, she heard Some people rushed quickly on the stairs, they called She opened the door and met Mary on the stairs platform. This place, I can not breathe because I am excited, shouted aloud- 

"Oh, my dear Ilem! Please hurry up. Restaurant because there is a scene to see!I will not Tell me what it is. 

Isabel asked questions are useless;Maria does not tell him Down, down in the restaurant, positive Ryan to find this miracle;are two women in a Low pain in the garden door. 

"That is all?"He cried Elizabeth."I hope at least Pigs were placed in the garden, and besides their women there is nothing. Catherine and her daughter. " 

"!"Dear, "Maria was very shocked by this error," Yes No Catherine Lady.Mrs. Jeninson, she lived Together;The other is Miss of LA.Look at her.Is it over there Very small organisms.Who will think about it? So thin and small? " 

"She refuses Charlotte's door." This wind is there.Why can not you enter? " 

"Oh, Charlotte said she did a lot. This is the best Miss Deburr is coming. " 

"I like your appearance," Elizabeth said she touched other ideas. "She looks back and Ash. Yes, she will do very well for him. She will make him a very adequate wife. " 

Mr. Collins and Charlotte are on the portal. I talked to women;Sir William, Elizabeth Highly transmitted, placed at the door, seriously Attentive is great in front of him, constantly Whenever Bol Miss looks in the direction. 

Finally, there is nothing to say;women move, Others are back in the house.Mr. Collins saw this These two girls congratulated them than he. Wealth, Charlotte explains what they know. The next day, the whole party was invited to Poberedom at Rosin's restaurant. 

Chapter 29 

Thank you to this invitation, the victory of mr. Finish.Show your greatness Your curious guests, let them see her courtesy For himself and his wife, that was what he expected; I have to give you a chance as soon as possible. An example of a lady in Catherine fought forward, as he knows It is not appreciated. 

"I admit," he said, "I do not have to Her elderly invited us to drink tea on Sunday Roshen night.I expected much of my Knowing this will happen.But who can do Do you predict such concern?Who can think about We must receive an invitation there. Invitation In addition to including all party) so that After arriving! 

"I'm not surprised at what happened," he said. William, "Great Label It's true, it's a situation in my life, let me understand it. Oh cut, this example of this elegant creation is not Unusual." 

Almost nobody talks about anything for everyone or the next day, but They visited Rosine. Who await this room, So many servants, a dinner so rich, maybe not much They are they. 

When women were separated, he said Isabel 

"Dear brother, do not feel uncomfortable with your clothes. Mrs.Ekaterina did not ask us to use elegance. She became her own and her daughter.I just suggest you Everything is in your clothes, better than others. There is no chance.Mrs.Catherine will not think You use simple and worse.She likes to have The difference between the retention level. " 

When you find yourself, it came two or three times. Different doors, recommend them rush like women Catherine opposes a lot to her dinner. About such a horrible description of the personality of the lady and her name Viva, very afraid of Maria Lucas, she is not very accustomed to Company, she is anxious to lukin join Like her father to him Speak in São James. 

Because of the sunshade, they were happy to walk about half an hour. By the park.Each park has beautiful and its Front plane;Elizabeth saw many satisfactory things although she It's impossible to be happy with mr.Collins. Inspirational inspiration, but is listed by it Windows in front of the house and its relationship Glaser originally held a total of Lewis de Bora. 

When they climbed the stairs that led to the lobby, Mary issued a warning. Increased instantly, even Sir William is not perfect She did not hear anything. Mrs.Catherine said she was very bad. Talented or magical virtues and solemn money Or you think you can see without fear. 

From the hall, Mr.Collins pointed out Air of ecstasy, fine proportion and finished ornament, They followed the servant by the front hall and entered the room. Mrs. Catherine, where are your daughter and Giindinn? Sit down.Lady, with great appearance, start taking They are;Mrs.Collins and her husband solved the problem. To represent the office should be her, this With the right way without excuses and thank you, he This thought is necessary. 

Although I was in James, Sir William is still Totally incredible splendor around him, he only While there is enough courage, sit down I did not say a word;His daughter was almost scared. Sensor her, sitting on the edge of the chair, I do not know where to go Elizabeth meets a scene and You can see three women in front of it silently. Catherine is a tall woman with obvious features. Maybe she was beautiful.Her air is not Mediation, did not accept her path, for example Let visitors forget her lower position.It's not her Silence makes people terrible;But what she said is said. With powers as their importance, and Leave mr.Way Han immediately think of Isabel; Seeing this afternoon, she fully believes in Sra's genre. Do what he is a representative. 

When the mother is verified, her face and Collection she quickly found a little similar, she Turn on your daughter's eyes, she can hardly join Mary was surprised at her so thin. No matter what is still among women.MS. Her face is pale, her body is weak;characteristics are not obvious, Nothing;She rarely speaks except whisper Lady Jenson's voice, her appearance, it's nothing. It's unusual that she is fully committed to listening Say the screen in the right direction before it Eye. 

In a few minutes they were sent. To enjoy the landscape, mr.Collins Showing this, Mrs.Catherine says It will be better in the summer. 

Very good dinner, everything Servants and mr. Collins all trays Commitment; And as he goes, he At the bottom of the table under the wish of the lady he looks If he thinks life is better than that. He cut, Eat, praise happy; each dish First recommend it, then I recommend Sir William, he is now Restore words you can answer your son-in-law Elizabeth was thinking about how Lady Catherine could hold. But not Mrs. Catherine seems pleased with her excessive admiration. And give the most intimate smile, especially when Roman table on the table. Lot is not available Dialogue. Elizabeth is ready to say Open, but she stands between Charlotte and Miss Miss. Burg-your predecessor of her hears Mrs. Catherine and the latter did not say a word for her at dinner. Mrs. Jeninson is mainly used to see "as a girl" Of Bourge Eat, calls her to prove other dishes and fear She is uncomfortable. Maria thinks she can not say anything. Mr. He did nothing to eat and appreciate. 

When the women returned to the living room, almost In addition to the audience of Lady Catherine, she is not Any interval before coffee, pass it right Each subject proved that it was not so decisive. His judgment in the past is controversial. She asked. Charlotte knows family business in detail, giving him one. A large number of proposal to manage all of them; Tell him How is it supposed to manage everything in such a small family? She and the guide to take care of her cows and her. Ave. Elizabeth discovered that there was nothing wrong with it. Attention minutes, this can give you a chance Other oral. In his interval, talking to the lady She puts several problems in Mary. Elizabeth, especially the last, its relation with the last I know at least she noticed Mrs. Collins was very River above, beautiful girl. She asked in different times, How many sisters she is, no matter what they prefer Is there anyone in them to get married? They are very beautiful where it is, which carriage Her father stayed, what is the mother's wife? Elizabeth finds her question, but she answers They are very calm. Mrs. Catherine was seeing. 

"I think the property of your father belongs to mr. Look at your part-let's go back to Charlotte-I'm very happy;but in addition I think there is no chance to receive a legacy of women from the team. The family of Sir Lewis de Bavre thinks you do not have to. Play and Drink, Miss Banet? " 

"Little." 

"Oh! Then-sometimes we will be very happy to hear your voice. We are The instruments are capital, maybe you should try There is always a day.Are your sisters joking and singing? " 

"One there." 

"Why do not you discover?" All of you have to learn. Miss webber plays, your father does not have such a good income How are you.Are you drawing? " 

"No nobody." 

"What you are?" 

"Not even one." 

"This is very strange. But I do not want you to have a chance. You are that The mother has to take you to the city every spring. Grossmaster. " 

"My mother will not mind, but my father hates London." 

"Your family teacher left you?" 

"We never had family teachers." 

"No family teacher! How is this possible? Five daughters grow There are no family teachers at home!I've never heard of these things.You The mother must be the slave you formed. " 

Elizabeth could not help, but she secured This is not the case. 

"So who teaches you? Who told you? Without a family teacher, You should be ignored. " 

"Compared to some families, I believe we are; but we are. Because I hope to learn I never want to see.We have always been Encourage reading and having all the degrees of masters needed. Those who choose not to do anything, of course, it is possible. " 

"Yes, there is no doubt; but this family teacher will stop if I know her mother, I have to give her the suggestions. I always say there is nothing. Completed in education without stability and regular training, as well as In addition to teaching the family, no one can give.How great? I've always been so good.I have I am always happy that the young man is very well organized.Four prostitutes Mrs.Jeninson is in the most enjoyable position through my way; For only a few days I would recommend another young man. This man, simply did not mention, has Mrs. Collins, did I tell you? Mrs.Madikawa called me yesterday?She finds the lady Pop is a treasure."Mrs. Catherine," she said, "You gave me Miss Buntte, is your sister coming out? " 

"Yes, girls, all." 

"Everything! Five people leave while this is very strange! And you only have Secondly, an elderly person will come out before the older man is married! Should your sister be new? " 

"Yes, my child is not 16 years old. Maybe it's too young. More communication.But it's true, ladies, I think it will be very Very upset with your sister they do not have to have your own part Social and entertainment because the old man can not Means or trends of early marriage.Last baby is equally good Enjoy your pleasure first.And saved So much motivation!I think it's unlikely Promote sisters and sisters or thin thoughts. " 

"According to my words," said the lady, "you give your opinion It is absolutely for such a new man.Ask how old are you? " 

"Three sisters grew," replied Isabel, Smile, "Mrs."It's hard to count on me. " 

Mrs.Catherine looks surprised for not direct Response;Elizabeth suspects that he is the first creature One day he dares to write at such a party. 

"You can not exceed 20 years, I'm sure you need Do not hide your age. " 

"I'm not 20 years old." 

When you join them after tea ends, The card table is placed.Mrs. Catherine, Sir William and Mrs. Collins sat on four square squares;Miss Debar chose In order to act in the casino, these two girls are lucky to help Mrs.Jeninson is forming her party. Extremely stupid.Almost no syllable to say Not connected to the game if Jen Jingson did not say his point of view Worried that Miss of Bo was very hot or very cold, or Too much lights too much.More through Other tables.Mrs.Catherine usually says-say Three other errors or some jokes Mr.Collins agrees with her. You said thank you for every fish gain. If he thinks he won too much, please apologize.Sir William Many said more.Use anecdote and noble to keep your memory Name. 

When Catherine's wife and her daughter has long been played Select, the table is broken, the transport is provided Mrs.Collins was grateful and asked immediately.In So the party went to Fireclock to hear the lady Determine the time of them tomorrow.In They indicate that they are caused Technician;and many grateful speeches about mysterallins While Lucas William they came out. They left the door, Elizabeth called her. Cream posted your opinion on all lukin. Looking at Charlotte, she is more favorable than that. In fact.But her praise, although she paid for some costs Problems, I can not get Mr.Collins, he's very Soon I must dominate my women in my hands. 

Chapter 30 

Sir William only stayed in Huntsford for a week, but his visit It's enough time to believe that his daughter is the most Calm down, she has a husband. A neighbor so unusual. Sir William Mr. Collins spent the morning with them, pulled him out. In his speech, he showed him the country; But when he left, The whole family returns to his usual work, and Elizabeth is grateful for discovering that they did not see more. The table of the table has changed, for the first leader Breakfast and dinner now Garden or reading and writing while watching the window His own bookstore in front of the road. In the living room The women were sitting behind. Elizabeth starts at the beginning I want to know that Charlotte should not like a restaurant. Generally used; It's big room, more comfortable The aspect; But she quickly discovered that her friend had a good reason. Because she did, it's certainly for Mr. Collins. Never use it in his apartment if they sit the same in the apartment She appreciated the Charlotte agreement. 

In the living room, which are also in the alley, And the knowledge of mr's gratitude.Collins The carriage was expelled, especially Miss from Burg. Mount your Phaeton, he always realizes Although it happens almost every day.It's not her I do not usually stop in the pastor, drink a few minutes. Talk to Charlotte, but almost never convinced. Out. 

In a few days, Mr.Collins has not arrived Rosmins, not so much, his wife does not think so. You also have to go;As long as Elizabeth remembers There may be another family life mode, I do not understand how to sacrifice so many hours.Sometimes It's an honor for me to pick up the lady's phone, but I can not avoid it. She watched in the room during these visits. She checked her work and saw her work too It is recommended that they do it differently;found Furniture;or cleaning detection Negligence;If she has some dessert, she seems to be done. Just to find Ms.'s joints.Collins. The meat is very large for her family. 

Elizabeth really realized that although this great lady is not Committee of the county peace, is the most active Local judge of your own parish, where the problem of microblouragem Bring it for mr.Collins;Whenever some cottages She wants to fight, not happy or very poor. Come to the village to solve your differences, Enter your complaints and swall them to become harmonious and enriched. 

Repeat twice at Rosin Restaurant Zhou;Considering the loss of Sir William, At night, there is only one table and each of these entertainments The first relevant element.Your other deals are very small. Because the lifestyle near usually Mr. Collins can play.However, it is not bad for Isabel, but In general, she spent a quite comfortable time; Half an hour to talk to Charlotte. Time is very good this year, so it is often very good time. Open pleasure.Her favorite walk, and where she is Others often visit Catherine women. Well, the forest along the park, there There is a very hidden road that looks like nosilans, but She owned and thought Mrs.Ekaterina could not be affected. Curiosity. 

This quiet way will be the first two weeks of your visit. Go away.Easter is coming, a week ago, Bring extra things in Rosmin to this family in a small The circle should be important.Elizabeth is heard soon It is expected that Mr.Daxi arrives there in a few years. A few weeks later, though his knowledge is not like this She does not like it, he will provide comparison In her rose is new, she may be surprised. See how you do not want to lose Binglai IT The behavior of his cousin, of course is destined. Mrs. Catherine, she talked about him and the best man. Happy, with the greatest pleasure of enjoying it, It seems almost angry that he is already Miss Lucas and she often sees this. 

Your arrival will be known in the pastor's residence;Because mr.Collins Go to the house open for a morning Beco Hunsvelta to get the guarantee sooner too When the carriage entered the park, he inclined, Fast home with great wisdom.On the following In the morning, he hurried to Rosina to express his respect. The two Nepheses of Mrs.Catherine asked, mr.Daway. They took Fitz William, his little son. Month, uncle-makes the whole party surprised when Mr.Collins came back and the Lord accompanies him.Charlotte In her husband's room I saw them at the intersection of the road, as well as I immediately found another, telling the girls as honored They can look forward and add: 

"Irab, I want to thank you. Daxi I'll never wait for me so soon. " 

Elizabeth has little time to give up everything A praise announced before the bell for your loved one, Shortly after the three gentlemen entered the room. About thirty years in Fitz William, no Beautiful, but personally and the most authentic Lord.Gentlemen lords Daxi looks like he's seen in the past. Hetfordshire-Use it to pay, pay attention to it Mrs. Collins no matter what he feels for her. Friends, every time she is very dipped. It was just a knee, and I did not say anything. 

Fitz William Colonel directly Easy and relaxed person preparation, and talk a lot Happiness;But his cousin, after I said a little Mrs.Collins took some time at home and in the garden. It's time to talk to someone. Civilization is awake, then later ... Ask Isabel Health of her family.She answered him in the usual way, and After a while, add the path: 

"My sisters are already in town for three months. Do you have any?" I never saw her there? " 

She is very reasonable, he never had;but she expects Let's see if he betrays some consciousness from the past. Between Binglai, Jane, looks a bit When he answered, he never had so lucky See Miss.Banet.This object is not continuous, but You will leave soon. 

Chapter 31 

Fitz William Pastor, women feel that he has to increase a lot. Enjoy Rosen's involvement.Some However, a few days before receiving any invitation Although there are visits in the house, they are impossible He must;Before Easter, almost a week Arrival of mr., Let them understand Note, so they just ask to leave the church Comes there at night.I saw last week. Lady or her little daughter Catherine.Fitz William During this time, call the pastor residing during this period, but mr. They met only in the church. 

Invited to be accepted when they were adequate In Lady Catherine's living room he participated in the party.Madam Clean, but very obviously your company There is nothing more easily acceptable than she can not find anyone else;Is it over there In fact, her nephew is almost all the gods talking to them, Especially daxi than anyone else Room. 

Fitz William Polonel seems very happy to see them;anything In Rosmin, he is satisfied;Mrs.Collins is very beautiful. In addition, friends love him a lot.He sat down now. She owned, for Kent and Hetfordshire, travel and stay at home, new book There is also music, Elizabeth has never been so happy. I'm accustomed to this room;They took the great spirit and The flow to attract the attention of Mrs.Catherine Mr. Daway, his eyes quickly turned repeatedly. Take them with curious expressions;ladies, After a while I shared this feeling and received a more open confession. Because she was screaming without any concern: 

"What are you talking about, Fitz William? What are you? Tell?What are you talking about with a bunny?Let me hear what it is? Yes." 

"We talked about music, lady, when he can no longer To avoid response. 

"Music! Then pray aloud. These are all my items Happy.If you want, I have to participate in the conversation Speaking of music.I think there are very few people in the UK. Who prefers music more than me, or better Natural taste.If I find out that I should be great Qualified.If Anna's health is allowed I believe she will make a nice statement. How does Georgia have Dacheng? " 

Mr.Daway gently praised his sister. Qualified. 

"I'm very happy to hear you a good description," said Ms. Ekaterina;"Reze me here telling her, she can not wait If she does not practice well, that's great. " 

"I assure you, Lady," he said, "she does not need him." I suggest.It is often practiced. " 

"Much, I can not do much; when I next time Write a letter, I blame not to ignore any I usually tell the girls no great music. There is no need to continue practicing.I already said Ban Nat. There are several times if she Exercise is higher;Although Collins did not have tools, but she Very welcome, as I tell you many times, rosmins. She touches the piano in Mme's room.Jenson. You know, part of the house does not bother anyone. " 

Mr. Daxie looks a bit embarrassed by the abuse of his aunt and No reply. 

After coffee, Fitz William recalled Isabel. I promise he plays;She sits straight He pulled a chair around her.Mrs.Catherine Half of the song, then speaks like another nephew, as before; Until the last one will leave as usual Thinking deeply on the piano, then you Understand the face of this beautiful artist. Elizabeth saw what he did, it was very convenient to start I stopped, I came back with a brilliant smile at him, said: 

Mr. Daxie, you want to scare me. Although your sister is joking, I will not panic. Very good.I have stubborn that I can not stand forever. I'm afraid whatever you want.My courage is always in All attempts to intimidate me. " 

"I will not say you wrong," he said, "for you. I can not believe I will accept any alarming design. You;I'm very happy to meet you. I know you found a great pleasure in talking randomly. It's not really your own point of view. " 

Elizabeth grunted in this photo of herself and said I told Fitz William, "Your cousin will give you a very beautiful My concept, teaches you not to believe in any suggestions I said.I have Unfortunately, I am before a man who can expose himself. My real role, place in the world I hope Popular by some degree of trust.Mr. Dawie, this is You mentions that all you know is very unhealthy. The disadvantages of the heat ford-and please let me say, very I do not know much-because you bothered me with revenge like this Things can happen, I heard that they will rain your relationship. " 

"I'm not afraid of you," he said smiling. 

"Please let me hear what you want to charge you," Fitz William."I want to meet you Foreign man. " 

"You will hear-but you should prepare It was the first time I saw him in Hatford. You should know that at a ball-in this dance, what do you think He just jumped four dancing, though the Lord were very much; As far as I know, more than a girl Sit down because there is no partner.Mr. Dawie, you can not deny Fact." 

"I did not know any lady. My own party has a meeting of our own party. " 

"Yes, no one can be entered in the ballroom. Well, Fitz William, what should I play next?My finger is waiting for you. Order." 

"Maybe" Daxi "," I'm better for people. " Introduction;But I do not have the right to recommend Foreign man. " 

"Can we ask how to have a brother?"said Elizabeth, I'm still talking to Fitzo William."We can ask him why a person Ideal and educational, people who live in this world, unhealthy Are there qualified to recommend to strangers? " 

"I can answer your question," said Fitz William, "Does not apply Honor it.It's because he will not have problems. " 

"Of course there is no talent that people have," he said. Daxi, "people who have never seen anything that is easy to say. I do not understand the tone of their talk, and I'm not interested. In my problems, as I saw. " 

"My finger," Elizabeth said, "Do not move in this tool. Bright ways to have what I have seen women.They have to There is no identical strength or speed and will not produce the same But later I always think it's my own Error-because I'm not training.Is that it is Do not say I do not believe my fingers are like other fingers. High quality woman. " 

Dhako said, "You're completely correct. You have something. Use your time to make your time.No one recognizes the privileges I've heard what you want to think about.We are not Perform a stranger. " 

Mrs.Catherine interrupted them here, she screams out loud. To know what they are talking about.Elizabeth starts now Mrs.Catherine is coming after you hear. One thing is a few minutes: 

"If Bannetket was more practical, it would be nothing wrong." And you can have the advantage of Master London.She has a lot Good idea joke although your taste is not the same Anna.Anne will be a good artist if she Let her know her health. " 

Elizabeth looked at Dadi to agree with him. Cheer table;but at this time or anytime Can it identify any symptoms of love?From all over the world Miss of Bol, she gave him comfort. Bentley, he can be as big as she married, If she relatives him. 

Mrs.Catherine continued to comment on Elizabeth's performance, Mix many execution instructions and taste with them. Elizabeth takes you, And gentlemen requires, stay on the device Until the carriage is ready to bring them home. 

Chapter 32 

The next morning Elizabeth sat alone, writing a letter. Jane and Mrs.Collins and Maria are traveling. The village, when he was shocked by the ring of the door, Because she did not listen to the carriage, she thought She can not be Lady Catherine, with this concern She keeps her semi-enzyme, she can run away. All rough questions when the door is open, Eat the shock, mr.Dadi, enter the room. 

He thought she looked very surprised and Invasion made her know that he understood everything Women are in it. 

So they sat down when she asked after the growth It is produced, it seems that a completely silent hazard falls.Is that it is Then it is absolutely necessary to think of some things and It seems that he recalled the last time she saw him when Hertfordshire, I wonder what he was going to say On the subject of his precipitated departure she observed: 

"In last November, he suddenly left the field of Niger, sir ... Daxie!This is a good surprise for mr.Bentley. I see you as soon as I followed Him;Because I was not mistaken, he I went to that day.I hope he and his sisters are very good, When did you leave London? " 

"Thank you very much." 

She discovers that she did not receive other answers, but Added a short pause: 

"I think I already understood Mr. Bentley. Are you back in Nigfield? " 

"I've never heard of him, but he probably There will be little to spend in the future.He has many Friends, and when you are a friend and participation Increase." 

"If he wants to stay in the Niger field, better." For the neighbors, he must completely abandon this place. Because we can have a stable family there.But, Maybe mr.Bentley has not taken the house so hard. As their own neighbors, we have to It is expected to reserve or enter the same principle. " 

"I'm not surprised to say the daddy he gives After there is some acceptable purchase discount, you will buy it now. " 

Elizabeth did not answer.She was afraid to talk about him for a long time. Friends;and nothing can be said, is now defined There are problems in finding a subject with it. 

Soon he took a tip, he started to say, "it seems very Comfortable house.Mrs. Catherine, I really believe. It was Mr.Collins in Odtsford for the first time. " 

"I believe she did it-I believe she can not give her Kindness of a more grateful object. " 

"Mr. Collins, looks very lucky to choose Wife." 

"Yes, in fact, your friends can meet you. There are not many people there who accept their wise women. Or let him be happy.My friend has a great Understand-although not sure what I think of her Mr. Collins is the most reasonable thing she did. However, a lot of happiness, the careful angle, it That is, of course, a good correspondence for her. " 

"It's very good for her to calm down in such a simple variety. She is with her family and friends. " 

"Simple distance, do you call it? It will be almost 50 km." 

"What is a good way for 50 km? It lacks more than half Day trip.Yes, I call it from a very simple distance. " 

"I must not treat the distance as The advantage of this competition "Elizabeth screams."I do not have to He said Mrs.Collins was calming near her family. " 

"This proves your attachment to Heitefordshire. I think near Lanburn This is far away. " 

When he says there is a smile, Elizabeth likes it. Understand;He must think about what she is thinking. Nigfield, she replied when she replied: 

"I'm not saying a woman can not be too close. Members of her family.It should be relative to a distance and depend on Many different situations.Wealth Travel costs are not important, but the distance is not bad. The situation is wrong _ Here _.A couple of Collins has Comfortable income, but frequent income is not allowed I think my friend will not be called Your family is less than half the distance. " 

Mr.Dauy pulled a chair at her and said, There is no such a powerful local accessory. You can not stay in Lance. " 

Elizabeth looks surprised.You have experienced some changes. Your feelings;He stands behind the chair, The table looked at him, said in a cold voice: 

"Are you satisfied with Kent?" 

Then a brief conversation on the country theme, Quiet and laconic side-soon will end Charlotte and her sister came back back. Talk about _ _ Surprised for them. Called his intervention in the Banta, sitting alone In a few minutes he did not say much to everyone, I left. 

"What can I say?"Charlo said he Gone."Honey, Iicher, he has to fall in love with you, otherwise he Never use this family manner to visit us. " 

But when Elizabeth talks about her silence, she does not look Even at the request of Charlotte, the situation may be; then Different assumptions, they can only accept your visit Looking for everything that needs to be done is It will probably start from mid-year. All Wild Sports Finish. At the door, the books and a Billiard table, but you can not always be at the door; and Near the shepherd or happy walk For those people who live in, these two brothers found The temptation this time almost every day. They call different times in the morning, sometimes Separately, sometimes together, sometimes accompany Your aunt for them, Fitz William colonies are obvious This is because he is very happy in his society, it is a kind of belief Of course, he recommended him; Isabel reminded She is satisfied with him and her Her admire her and her dear George WEHA HAN; However, when they compare them, she did not find Fitz William is glamorous and kind, she I believe she can have the most reasonable ideas. 

Mr.Daxi often comes to the pastor, more It is hard to understand.It is impossible for society because I often stay there for ten minutes without opening it. Lips;When he speaks, it seems necessary to influence It's not a choice-a victim of label, not happy Himself.He rarely shows the true power of life.Mrs.Collins know Not like understanding it.Fitz William His layout is stupid, proving that usually Different, this is your own understanding of your understanding. Is it over there;She wants to believe this change. The effect of love, and the object of love your girlfriend, she Seriously trying to find answers.She looked at him Whenever they are in Rosmin when he came to Huntsford; But there is not much success.Of course, look at your friend Many, but the expression is contradictory.Is that it is This is a serious and firm appearance, but it often doubts, There are many compliments inside, sometimes it seems But the heart is missing. 

She was invited to Elizabeth once or twice He prefers her, but Elizabeth always laughs. I think Collins's wife thinks The risk of improving expectations, can be simple In the end;Because in her opinion, she does not recognize No doubt if she can, all she does not like, she will disappear. Suppose he is in her power. 

On his good plan, Elizabeth sometimes planned her. Couple with Fitz William. A nice man;He certainly admires it, and the situation in his life More qualified;However, to compensate for these advantages, mr. Daxi has a lot of sponsorship in the church and his cousin You may not be there. 

Chapter 33 

Elizabeth walks in the park more than once, Suddenly I found Mr. Darcy. She felt all the disgrace Unfortunately, she should not have been brought to where others had been brought, To avoid your repetition, a note stating First, it was her favorite place. How this can be So the second place is very strange! But he does, and To the third. It seems deliberately evil, or voluntary Repent because in this case, it is not only a formal number Set an awkward pause, and then leave, but it's actually I think it's necessary to get back and go with it. It's never any more He said so much, she did not bother Talk too much or hear, but in Her third reason he made some strange questions is irrelevant Questions-about her pleasure in the Ford of Chicken, she Walk alone as well as seen from her collins couple Happiness and was not perfect when it comes to rossing Learn home, he seems to want when she Kent was, she'll stay there. Your words This seems to mean. Colonel Fitzwilliam in his energy Idea? She believes that if he has any meaning, then he must return to Assuming that what can happen in this room. This made her very upset Small, she was happy to meet before the big Parsons through pale. 

One day she did as she walked and read a simple last paragraph. Letter and stay on some certificates only Not written in spirit when not surprised again Mr. Davets, she looked up and saw William Fitz's school. Find her with her.Less this letter immediately and forced I smiled, she said, 

"I did not know you were going on the other side of this road." 

I visited the park, he replied, because I am I usually do this year and I intend to call RESIDENCE PAPEOR.Should you go further? " 

"No, I have to turn around now." 

So she really turned around, they said Shepherd living together. 

"Are you definitely going out of Kent on Saturday?"she said. 

"Yes-Daxi is no longer late, but I'm in it. Deal with that.He organized business as you like. " 

"If you can not please yourself accordingly, it should A great power to choose from should bring less happiness.I have no idea Anyone who seems to prefer to do what you like Mr. Bisa is bigger. " 

"He likes to have his own way," replied to school. Fitz William."But we all do. Have your method than others because it is rich, and many Others are very bad.I'm very emotional.Little son, you know, you should Customs ordered. " 

"In my opinion, Etius's Count knows very little." Seriously, do you know what self-renence is? To trust?When blocked for lack of money? From anywhere you choose or get everything you have You like?" 

"They are family problems-maybe I can not say I have I experienced many of this nature.But when Heavy, I do not have enough money.Little son You can not get married in place that they like. " 

"If you do not like happy women, I think they are very I usually do that. " 

"Our consumer habits make us very dependent, not In my life, many people can get married without some people. Pay attention to money. " 

"That," "Elizabeth thinks," Is this given to me?"She has This idea;However, it is restored by itself, she says, "and live tone" Reze What is the regular price of the ETIUS?Not yet My brother is very serious, I think you will not ask More than 50,000 pounds. " 

He also answered her, and the subject also gave up.Change Interrupt the silence, this can make him like her What happened, she said soon: 

"I think you have a brother to bring you with you. To dominate it.I want to know that he is not Wedding to ensure this long convenience.But, Maybe his sister is well and is like her. In his only help, he can do what he likes. " 

"No," said Fitz William, "That's your advantage. You should separate from me.I'll join the protector Miss Dawie. " 

"Are you really? Reze, who guard you have?" Will your fees bring you many problems?Your girl from that age Sometimes it's hard to manage if you have In fact, Daxi spirit, she may like her own way. " 

When she spoke, she turned to him to look at her seriously; He immediately asked why she would miss Daxi can make them feel strange, let her believe I've never been close to the truth.She is straight Response: 

"You should not be afraid, I've never heard of her evil; and I I dare say that she is one of the most prone to creatures in the world. She is my favorite of my women. Mrs. Huster, Miss.Bentley.I think I heard this. You said you knew them. " 

"I know some of them, your brothers are a happy sir. The friend is a good friend of Daxi. " 

"Oh! Yes," Elizabeth said coldly, "Mr. Dadi is very friendly Mr. Bentley, take care of him a lot. " 

"Be careful! Yes, I really believe Daxi will take care of him. In those places, he more wants to take care of him. Tell me on our trip, I have reasons to think about Bentley Thank you very much.But I have to ask him to forgive why I There is no right to think Bentley is the meaning of this person.Is that it is They will guess. " 

"What do you mean?" 

Daxi does not want to become a general situation I know, because you can go back to the lady's family, it's It will be a nasty thing. " 

"You can believe I did not mention it." 

"Remember, I have no good reason to think Bentley.He told me that only: Congratulations He recently saved a friend of discomfort. Most probiotic marriages, but did not mention the name or any Other details, I only doubt I believe he is such a young man who is in trouble. Classify them of knowledge together Last summer. " 

Mr.Daway is no reason to give you this intervention? " 

"I know some very strong objections This lady. " 

"What art does he use to distinguish them?" 

"He did not talk to me about his art," said Fitz William, Smile."He just told me, I'm telling you now." 

Isabel did not answer, continued, her heart swelling After reading for a while, Fitz William asked her. Why is she so attentive? 

"I think you told me," she said."Your The behavior of my cousin does not correspond to my feelings. To judge?" 

"Would you rather say that your intervention is not important?" 

"I see nothing right, Mr. Glad, I have to decide. According to his own cut, the trend of his friend or what One person, he wants to decide and lead his friend Just hapiness.However, "she continued, remembering herself" as We do not know details about it, but we do not think it's fair. Who needs many feelings? Case." 

"It's not an innatural guess," said Fitz William, "but it's The decrease in honor of my brother's victory is very sad. " 

It's a joke;But in his opinion, it's just Mr. Dawie, she does not believe in herself. Answer, then suddenly change the conversation In non-violent things until they reached the pastor's residence.Ouch, Their visitors left them, she was closed in her own room. I can think of everything I hear, not interrupted.He Should not think that another thing can People talk to her.Can not exist Mr. Daoui can have two people so infinite. Influence: worries that measures have been taken Put the Bentley, she never suspected;but she Always explained by the basic design of Miss Bentley and According to her.However, if her own vanity is not misleading He, he is the reason, his pride and option is the reason, Everything you suffered and everything that continues to suffer.He has a All hope of happiness is temporarily destroyed The world is affectionate, generous;No one can say This can lead to as firmly evil. 

"Some people oppose this lady" The words of Fitz William;these strong objections Her uncle is a national lawyer, and Another man in London business. 

"For evil," she shouts, "impossible Opposition;She is so sweet and kind! Of course, her thoughts were improved and her ways have also improved. You can not press my father, Mr. Daxi, although a little strange, he has the ability He does not have to despise and respect, he will It can never be enough."When she thought of her mother, she Trust is weakened;but it is not allowed Opposite _ has material weight, Dadi, Pride is sure that it will be a deeper trauma Lack of importance in your relationship, not them Without sensuality;she finally decided that he had Part of this worst pride is partly Her sister keeps Mr.'s desire.Bentley. 

Theme caused by excitement and tears Headache;At night the situation got worse. Besides, she does not want to see mr.Daxi, decided for her. Do not take your brothers to Louis Xin where they deal Mrs.Collins saw that she was very uncomfortable. Do not make her stop your husband as much as you can I deepened, but mr.Collins can not hide it. Catherine's wife is very unsatisfactory Stay at home. 

Head 

When they were gone, Elizabeth, as if they would bother She is Mr.Daxi as much as possible, choose it. Simple work verification lyrics Since she wrote her letter after Kent.They do not include the real ingredients Complaint, without revival, or something like this Enter the current pain.But in general almost Each line, wants to be happy, Was used to describe your style and continue Of heart is easy and friendly for yourself All are very sensitive, almost never blind. Elizabeth noticed that all the feelings had been submitted. It's not easy, hardly worried At first reading.Mr.Daxi is embarrassed to boast of his pain. She can feel like his sister. Pain.It's comfort thinking The roses will end the next day-and stationary More importantly, in less than two weeks she must be with herself. Just coming and contributing to your rehabilitation Alma, through all feelings. 

She does not remember given to leave Kent. Her cousin wants to go with him;But Fitz William Of course he does not have intentions and does not agree He, she does not want to be unhappy with him. 

When I decided, she woke up suddenly. The bell called, his spirit The idea of Fitz William, he once Calling at night before, now you can ask Especially after it is.But this idea is soon played, she The spirit was very different when to her She was surprised to see mr.Daxi in the room. He immediately began to ask his health, evaluation His visit is to hear her better.She answered Her attitude is cold.He sat for a while then Stand and walk in the room.Elizabeth was surprised, but I said nothing. I went to her during the exciting way, so I started: 

"I tried my best. It's not like that. My feelings will not Depression.You have to let me say how much I admire. And I love you." 

Elizabeth is hard to say.She seems, He thinks it's enough. To encourage;and all public statements he feels I feel for her, followed.He is very good;but have In addition to these internal feelings that need to be described in detail; In a gentle problem there is no more pride.He Self-defense against their families degradation Always against inclined obstacles With heat, it seems to be due to its consequences Wounded, but hardly recommends his suit. 

Although it is deeply fixed, it is impossible I do not care about this man of love, and Though his intention does not change at a moment, she First, I apologize for the pain you should carry;up She lost all her sympathy in her subsequent language. Ira, however, she tried to calm down and respond to him. Patience when he has to do this.He summed up the Show him with attachment, in Although he paid all her efforts, he found it impossible to win; And he expressed hope, she will now return it. He picks up his hand.As he said, she can easily see him. She had no doubt that there was a favorable answer. Fear and anxiety, but her expression is true Security: this situation will only make you more annoying, and When he stopped, the color climbed on her cheek, she said: 

"In that case, I believe this is a set of models However, expressing a sense of responsibility for the declared emotions Unequal, they can be returned.The obligation is very natural I should feel that if I can feel grateful I'm going now Thanks.But I can not-never wish your good comments, You certainly struggle for it.I'm sorry for Brings pain for anyone.It's the most unconscious However, this is done, I hope the time is short.Emotions You tell me you've stopped You respect, there will be no difficulties after overcoming it. This is an explanation. " 

Mr. Daxi, with his eyes in the chimney. Fixed on her face, it looks like going to get her words. His face was pale with anger. Mental disorders can be observed in all functions. Fight for the appearance of tranquility, but not Open your lips until you think you already understood.In The pause makes that Isabel feel terrible.Finally, use a He forced to appease the sound, he said: 

"These are all my answers, I'm lucky." Looking forward!Maybe I hope to know why then To be educated, rarely hard work, so I was rejected.But it is Little value. " 

"Maybe I want to ask," she replied, "why is it so obvious? I want to take punishment and insult me, you decide to tell me You violate your will by violating your cause, even Violation of your character?Is not it a rough excuse? If I'm not civilized?But I still have other provocations.You know me My feelings did not decide against you? Indirect, or they are really good, you think Any attention will encourage me to accept that once A way to destroy happiness forever Dear sister?" 

She clearly changed these words;but Shunt Shunt, he did not try to hear She interrupted, she continued: 

"I have a complete reason to miss you in this world. No reasons You can forgive you where you play unjust and on one side.You I dare, you can not deny that you had basic if It's not the only way they share is exposed The condemnation of peace is considered unstable, as well as Another laugh is disappointed and includes The two are with the most acute pain. " 

She suspended and saw him without herself. Using a look that can prove that fully affected by anyone He smiled and looked at her. The impact of doubt. 

"Can you deny what you did?"She repeated. 

With an assumption, he replied, "I do not want Proíb that I do my best to separate my friends. From your sister, or I'm happy with my success.Go to him I'm more friendly than I do. " 

Elizabeth I noticed the appearance of this civilization Reflections, but it will not run, it's impossible Mediate it. 

"But this is not just that question," he continued. I do not like it to be built.Before you happen, my opinion Your role is in soil. I received a letter from mr.Wehhan.On this issue, What do you mean?What is the fictitious behavior of friendship Are you here protecting?Or where you can Is it stronger here? " 

"You're very interested in mr fears," he said. Daxi, the tone is not so quiet, the color is bigger. 

"Who knows what your disgrace is, who can help you feel Interested in it? " 

"He's unhappy!"repeating Dadi;"Yes, he is Unfortunately, it's really huge. " 

"There's also your damage, Chear Isabel."you have Make it easier for him to live in poverty, relatively poor. You hid the advantages you should know. Designed for it.You are depriving the best time of his life Your independence does not ask in your desert.You I have everything!However, you can mention it. Unfortunately with contempt and laughs. " 

"Dashi cried, walking Bedroom, this is your opinion for me!This is your degree Hold me!I still thank you for explaining.My fault, According to this calculation, it is very difficult!But maybe" He added, stopped, turned to her: "These If your pride does not hurt, the crime can be ignored. Thanks to my honesty and frank concerns that have been prevented long ago I formount any serious design.These rigorous charges Pressed if you hide me more politics AIM, let him believe that I'm running Through unqualified and unsuccessful trends;For reason, by reflection, Through everything.But all kinds of camouflage is my disgust.And also Am I ashamed of my feelings?They are natural Only you can expect me to be happy with my disability? Congratulations on my own hope of relationships, Whose living conditions are much lower than me? " 

Isabel feels more and more badly at all times; Trying to talk about the biggest conversations, she said: 

"You're wrong, Mr. Dadi, if you assume that the way Your statement affects me in any other way, it is not difficult I pay attention to me, you can suspend you, you Manage more gentlemen. " 

She saw him start here, but he said nothing, she CONTING: 

"You can not make your offer in any possible situation This will encourage me to accept that. " 

Your surprise is very obvious;He looked at her. Mixtures of mistrust and humiliation of expression. 

"From the beginning-from the beginning I can almost Say-I know you, your behavior, give me a deep impression Arrogance, imaginable and its own It's like forming other private people. Subsequent events of disapproval I do not know you for a month. I think you are the last in the world. Maybe marry. " 

"You've said enough, lady. I totally understand you. Feelings, now I feel shameful to myself. One day.Forgive me for being so much, and Please accept my best wishes for your health and happiness. " 

He left the room in a hurry, Elizabeth. I heard him open the front door and leave the house. 

His inner confusion is now a great pain. She does not know how. To get up, she sits with real weakness. Used by half an hour. When she thought what had happened, he was surprised. Adopted, each evaluation increased. She must have Mr.'s wedding. Daxi is invited! Must have been Fall in love with her for so many months! So affectionate Despite some people against this, I still want to marry her. He blocked his friends to marry his sister, he must At least in their own circumstances, the same power appears-almost Incredibly! Inadvertently stimulating inspiration is considered Strong feelings. But his pride, he is proud-his Shamelessness to recognize him on Simpy Recognizes, do not forgive, even if he can not Protect this, and the implacable way mentioned Mr. Weihan, he has the brutality of someone he did not try. Rendered, soon surpasses repentance for your consideration App animated for some time. She went ahead Reflection animated before Mrs.'s carriage. Catherine Let her feel like inequality in Charlotte Watch and encourage her to leave the room. 

Chapter 35 

Elizabeth has the same idea the next day to wake up in the morning Meditation finally closed his eyes. However, the recovery of the accident that occurred at all;It's I can not think of anything else;and completely not wanting Work, she decided shortly after breakfast, pamper Your own exercise in the air.She was in vain to her. The favorite folders, sometimes mr.darcy Came there to stop her, she did not enter the park, but Open in the entrance, way farther from the toll road.In Parker Palin is still on the edge side, she's coming soon Through one of the doors to the ground. 

After walking on the alley, she walked two or three times. Good morning temptation, in Gate, looks at the park. In Kent, it has a great impact in this country, and Every day increases the first trees.Is it over there When you keep walking when she Lord in Park Forest;he To go out;Because of Mr. Fear.Daxi, she Direct retreat.But progress is now close That's enough to see her and go forward. Understand her name.She turned;but he heard her Ligand, despite the sound prove, mr.Daxi, she Move back to the portal.At that time she arrived. Also, take the letter, she can get it, Taking an arrogant expression: "I was going The forest has some time, I hope to see you.Can you help me Read the honor of the letter?"Then kindly, It was also transferred to the plantation and will soon go. 

Without expectations of happiness, but the strongest Out of curiosity, Elizabeth opened a letter, yet More and more surprised, I feel two Letter paper, write very close.In The envelope itself is also full.Along his way Ryan, then she started.Her meeting is rosmins, eight points How much time in the morning, as follows: 

"MS, do not panic after receiving this letter I contained the fear of repeating these emotions Or update these quotes very disgusting last night You. I do not intend when I write, I do not want to humiliate it. I myself, focusing on the desire, for the happiness of both sides. I can not forget soon;and hard work Read this card carefully must be random, should be Fortunately, my personality did not ask me to write and read. So you have to forgive me for your freedom Note;I know your feelings do not want to give, but I ask you justice. 

"Two nature is very different, not Isometric, you are responsible for me last night. First Which is mentioned, no matter what emotions, I Split Mr. Bentley and his sister, the other, I Ignore all kinds of requirements, ignore honor and Humanity, destroying prosperity before you, destroying Mr.'s perspective. UEH. Deliberately and throw it out Leaving my companion, I recognize my dear Father, young man, in addition to dependence Our sponsorship, and who expects anxious to small Struggling, will degenerate, separation from both Young people, their feelings can only have people's growth Can not be compared for weeks. But of gravity Since then, you guilty last night, respect everyone. In case, I hope to be sure in the future. Below is a description of my behavior and motivation. If, in their explanation, it is because I myself, I If you need to feel uncomfortable For you, I can only excuse me. The need should be Subject, more excuses is funny. 

"Before we see the common place, I've been to Heitefordshire. Like other people, Bentley prefers his sister. Other women in the country. But by night Niger field tank I have some fear. Feel a serious attachment. I often see your love. Before ... on the ball when I was lucky to dance with you, Sir William Lucas-Mercedo Attention bentley for your sister Universal waiting at your wedding. He was talking about As a certain event, only time is not clear. From now on, I carefully noticed the behavior of my friend; So I feel your preference to lose a shower More than I see in it. His sister, I too Wristwatch. Your appearance and way opens, cheerful, charming As always, there is no special symptoms, I Is still convinced of the evening rating although She caught her happy attention, but she did not invite them Any emotional involvement. If you are not wrong Here, I must be wrong. Your perfection Your sister must make the last thing possible. If so, if I have A man deceive such an error, bringing his pain, his resentment This is not unjustified. But I do not close attention, It's an issue, your sister's face and the tranquility of the air is so This can force acute observers to believe that No matter how dissident, your heart will be less often easy Tilted. I want to believe that she is indifferent. Of course-but I dare say my investigation and A decision usually does not depend on my hopes or fear. I made it I do not believe she's indifferent because I hope it's; I believe This is based on only beliefs, as I hope. I am one Not just my last opposition. Night recognizes the need for the biggest passion On the other hand, I make myself; untold It's so bad for my friends. But there are others Reason for disgust; although there is a reason, and In both cases, there is an equivalent existence, I have myself Strive to forget why they are not respected I'm. These reasons should be summarized. Case The family of your mother, although she is disgusting, but Compared to this frequent lack of label, Almost constantly betrayed by himself, betrayed by his three young people Sisters, sometimes even your father. I'm very sorry. Is that it is The project is complete, the system is automatically completed, but in your problems about defects Their closest relatives and their discontent with this Their representative let him calm you. There is a part of yourself to avoid any action This condemnation is a general compliment for you. Your sister is more beautiful than she thinks. Recycle both. I'll just say more. That night I received the opinion of all confirmed and Each incentive is reinforced, can make me Protect my friend from my respect for the least unhappy people To connect. The next day he left the field of Niger in London. Like you, I'm convinced, I remember a very fast design Return. 

"The role I have now needs to be explained. His sisters I'm very excited about myself; Our coincidence This is soon discovered, and it is not time. When I separated my brothers, we decided to quickly Join him in London. We'll compliant-I'm there. Specify your friends at any time in the office Some sins of this choice. I will describe and apply them. Serious. However, this protest can be excessive or I postponed my decision, I do not think it will If there is no outlet, it will eventually stop the wedding I'm not ashamed to make sure you do not give your sister. In different. He believed she brought her love back. Honestly, if it is not the same respect. But folded is great Naturally modest, the dependence of judgment Trust in yourself. So convince him, he deceived He himself is not very difficult. Convince him that Back to Hertfordshire, the conviction was Considering that hard work is hard. I can not blame myself. Because I did a lot. There is only part of my behavior I am not satisfied with all this; It's I have already taken steps to take art before You hid your sister in town. I know myself, How well is Bentley; But your brother is still not I do not know anything about it. They may meet without malware It may be possible; But in my opinion, you respect is not enough. Let it see it without danger. Maybe it's what Hide, this camouflage is under me; However, it is done, And do the best possible. I have nothing about this problem. You can say there are no other excuses. If I hurt you The feeling of my sister is not known unconsciously, although the motivation For you guide I can look naturally, I did not learn to judge. 

"Oh others, more charges, there are Mr. Viiha, I can only refute you. He and my family are all in touch.He has to _ Special _ Acknowledge me, I am ignorance;but about the truth I'll say I can call not to stop any doubtful witness Realism. 

"Mr. Weihan is a very respectable son of man. Manage all Pengbole authorities for many years, Good behavior in the release of your trust naturally be careful for me The father serves him; George Weighs To teach you, your goodness, therefore generous. I am one His father supported him at school, and later supported him in Cambridge. As your own father, important help always comes from His wife's luxury may not give him a Gentler Education. My father, not just like this young man. Human society, his behavior is always attractive; it's also Your top view, I hope your church Occupation is designed to provide information technology. As for oneself, it is Since I remembered he's here for years. In a different way. The trend of evil is the lack of principles, It carefully protects your best knowledge. Friends, can not help see the young man And alone, there is a chance to see It is impossible for mr. rule. He is right here. I'll give you the pain again-you can only know to what extent. But not Mr. Wayne created that emotions, a Suspected that his nature would not prevent me from starting it The real character-he even adds another motivation. 

"My father passed away perfectly with about five years, his Annexed to Mr. weihani the last time, so stable in its He will recommend me to improve it Progress of the best way to have a profession Allow yourself to take orders, I hope it is a valuable family After that life is empty, it can be. There is one more 1000 pounds. How long was his father? Survive six months after these incidents, sr. Weha han write a letter tell me finally decided to speak against Accepts orders, he expects me not think it's unreasonable. He expects some more direct benefits of money, not He can not benefit from it. He has some He added that the purpose of teaching the law, I realize, Interest £ 1000 is very insufficient Of them. I prefer to wait I do not want to believe he Sincere, but in any case it is completely ready to accept it. Offer. I know Mr. Weihan should not be a pastor; So the case was soon resolved, he left, saying, Help in the church, if it is likely Receive it in a case and accept it as a reward Thousand pounds. All contacts between us seem to have disappeared. I think it's too bad, I can not invite you to pengbole and you can not recognize it. Of society in the city. I believe he lives most of the time in the city, but its The study of law is just kind of wish now get away from it all Restraint, his life is lazy and the hobby of life. To use For about three years, I know very little about it; The present life is designed, he Retype a letter to request a statement. Is that it is He assured me that in this case, I had no trouble. Believe me, it's very bad. He found that the law was the No profile search, now fully decided Second, if I can imagine him with someone with problems- In his opinion, it is no doubt because it is very good. I guarantee that I can support others, I can There is no intention to forget my esteemed father. You will be Do not blame me to give up this request, or The resistance of each of their repetitions. resentment Based on his position pain -he There is no doubt that he is abusing the other and it is cruel Blan yourself. At the end of this time, The name was abandoned. I do not know how he lives. But in the end Summer, I saw him again. 

"Now I have to mention the situation, I want to forget. Myself and also not less than the current commitment Tell me to start someone. Said yes, I I have no doubt about your secret. My sister, for more than a year ago. When I was little, I got my mother's leadership. Nephew, Fitz William Colonel and himself. About a year ago, she Take from school, as well as London, in the summer of last year, she was with the women who were posted for the meeting. This, move the rams portal, there is no doubt that mr. Weiss was already there. According to the project, there is familiar due to proven We like his personality between him and Yanggers. Unfortunately, in your ability to help, it is still I recommend to themselves in Georgia, your affectionate heart Leave a deep impression in your childhood, She is convinced, believes in my love and agrees Escape. At that time she was only 15, she should be her Sorry, after filling your easy speed, I'm very happy to notice that I received her knowledge. I used unexpectedly. Two days ago, Georgia, It is impossible to support the idea of ​​sadness and brothers She almost wore as her father and recognized everything Of me. You can imagine my feelings and behavior. Respect for me Credit and the feeling of my sister stop at any public impact, but I Write a letter for mr. WEHA, he immediately left this place and his lady Jan Ge was released. Leader G Weihan V The objects are undoubtedly owned by my sister, thirty Thousand pounds, but I can not stop thinking I am a strong incentive. Your revenge This is really complete. 

"This, lady, is a loyal narrative incident." Be careful;If you do not totally refuse This is wrong, I hope you forgive my cruel Mr. Dan.I do not know how, in what way He adds a lot a lie;but success of him is not I am not known as you. Everything that is connected with something is not in your Power and suspect certainly is not your trend. 

"You can find out why all this finally told you Night;But then I do not have enough experience, I do not know Perhaps or should be revealed.For everything that's all Related, I can call more special Fitz William, from our close relatives and without changes Intim, more importantly, as a will of my father Will inevitably be familiar with These transactions.If you have some disgust for me, I'll leave myself The degree is useless, you can not stop it for the same reason Of my cousin for me;perhaps I'll probably consult it, I'll do my best to find some In the process ... there is a chance to make this letter in hand. I will only add that God bless you. 

Fitz william darcy 

Head 

If Mr. Elizabeth gives him a letter, she did not expect. Contains to update your sentence, it is not Waiting for all of them. But just as they can Should be so confuses how much They emotiated the emotions. She feels Almost without definition. She's surprised at first. She understands that he believes that any excuse is what he can do; She convinced him firmly, he could not explain It's a shame that can not be disguised. Use a All he can say is that she started Description of what happened to Niger. She uses a I do not want to have almost any understanding of your understanding, I do not know what will bring the following offer. It is impossible to pay attention to the feeling of a person before his eyes. He thinks that his sister's intuming is not good, she decided at once. This is wrong; and his true, worse opposition This game made her very angry and she did not want him. Justice. He did not regret it. Let it satisfied; Her style is not recognized, but arrogant. Is that it is All pride and arrogance. 

But when this theme is inherited by your description of mr. Weihan-when she reads clearer attention to relationships If the event is true, you should turn all the precious points of view. Its value as well as its incredible proximity Your own story is she feels more painful It is harder to identify.Surprises, anxiety and Even afraid he also overwhelmed her.She wants to destroy it completely, I cried repeatedly: "It must be fake! This is impossible! It must be the most serious lie!-When she survives. An entire letter, although nothing about the last letter One or two pages, rush to get, protest, will not Given this, she will not look at it. 

In this difficult mental state, ideas can stay Nothing, continues; But it's not good; through half a mine The letter opens again, she and she charges. Did she be carefully read all related things? Go to wewhr, and ask to check The meaning of each sentence. Your link to The Pengbole family is his own relative; With Mr. Daxi, although she never knew Her range that also according to him. So far Soil will confirm another; But when she came to the will, Different significantly. WEHA is a living person She still remembers when she remembers his words, It is impossible to feel that there is a serious mouth. Or another; Have a while, she thinks Her desire was not a mistake. But when she reads and reads The closest attention the following details follow Veha Khan refused all selfishness from his life He received 3000 pounds of considerable amount, She had to hesitate. She put the letter, Use her intention to measure the whole situation Justice-Consider the possibility of all declarations-but With little success. Both sides have just been approved. Again She continued reading; But each line proved, She believes that any invention is impossible Consequently, the representative gave less of her behavior. Worried, ability to make it totally In general, it can not be charged. 

He does not agree with the luxurious and universal distribution Lying under mr control. Weihan, shocked her; most So because she can not prove her misfortune. She has never been I heard him before entering the police. When he convinced this young man, I met him in a city where he was restored there. An acquaintance. Your previous lifestyle Heitefordshire, but he said. As for the true nature of it, If the information is in her hand, she never had that desire. Ask. Your face, sound and behavior make you build He has all dignity immediately. She tried to remember. Some types of examples, some honesty Or kindness, can save you from the Lord's attack. Daxie; or at least with the advantage of virtue, ATON These random errors, with these mistakes, are difficult to classify? Mr. Daway described many years of lazy and sinner Continue. But she did not remember. She can do To see it in front of it, in every charm and air address; But she can not afford to be more important than General. Recognition by the community and its social problem Balls won him in chaos. Then suspended at this point For a long time she continued reading again. But Oh! History, Her Design, Miss Dacheng, received Some confirmation between college Fitz William and she are only the previous day; Special Colonel of Truth Fitz William I-she got him before. It is almost careful with all the business of the cousin, and She has no reason to ask who the character is. She once I almost decided to ask, but this idea is confirmed. Because of the clumsy, is finally complete Mr. Daxi never If you can not guarantee Confirmation of the table of the brother. 

She completely remembers everything. Weihan and his own conversation on his first night Mr. Phillips, many of her expressions are still new Her memory.Now she is impressed by this inappropriate behavior And communication with a stranger and wants to know that he avoids her Before.She saw when he Due, his career and his incompatibility She remembers that he is bragging that he is not afraid. To see mr.West-mr.Daxi can leave this country, but He must insist on his position;However, he avoided the Niger field Begin next week.She still remembers since Nigfield left the country, he tells his story. Besides, no one;but after they have been removed Discuss everywhere;At that time did not reserve, without problem Mr. Davec, man, although he is guaranteed with her. Respect for your father will always prevent you from exposing your child. 

Now everything looks different Worry! Your attention to Miss Jin is now the result Clean and Vicky-View of the map; and mediocre It turns out that your destiny is no longer the darkness of your will, but He wants to get something. Your behavior Perhaps there can be no tolerance to motivation; and also Deceive your wealth or get to know you Improve vanity by encouraging her to think that her preferences I do not mind. Every fight for this More and more unfocused; For these reasons, mr. Daxie, when asked, she should leave mr. bentley In simple terms, I affirm that it is unimaginable in this subject; It's like her behavior and disgusting her, she's never The whole process of her knowledge is a Later they passed together, gave her a kind of I close with him-see any betrayal of your things No principle or injustice-someone can say that he is not a religion or No moral habits; He is respected in his relationship And pay-even Weihan also allows him to be a brother, She often hears what he says about her affection. My sister proves that he has any kindness; His behavior is Mr.'s representative. Wayne, very disgusting The violation of all rights is almost impossible to hide Of the world and capable This, mr. Binley is a man, is not clear. 

She was very confused. We Hanna thinks that if you do not think it's blind, Bias, mischief, absurd. 

"My behavior is too bad!"she cried;"I am a man who is proud My own understanding!I appreciate me Abiliity!They often despise my generosity My sister, find my vanity in mistrustweight or impeccable! You're ashamed!However, it's really a shame! If I'm in love, I will not be blind! But vanity, not love, has always been my stupid.To satisfy One of the preferences of another ignore, At the beginning of our knowledge I began to pursue Law and ignorance, rational movement, any of them I do not know myself while I'm here. " 

From me to Jane-of just Bentley, your thinking This offer soon reminds you Mr.daxi Explanation _ there _ looks very short, she read We are again.The effect of second reading is great. One day, how can she deny that this is due to her complaint? Does she have to give others?He says that He had no doubt about his sister's affection; She can not help but think about how about how about how about how about how She can not deny his righteousness. Description Jane.However, she feels a brief feeling Passion, very little show, and has a constant Her appearance and behavior are not combined with great people together. Sensitivity. 

When she saw part of her family in a letter Shame, but it is worthy of guilt, she Shame is very serious. A lot of strength and can not deny, and the environment Special donations of calls to the Ball of Nigeria, Just as she confirmed all her first disapproval, it is impossible. Leave a deeper impression on your mind. 

It is not for nothing for her own and her sisters. Comfort it, but can not alleviate your contempt So attract your family;as she In fact it works for a simple disappointment. Recently is a relationship and reflects the importance of credit She thinks both will be injured by this inappropriate behavior. It is unprecedented. 

After walking for two hours along a small road, we will be in each Different thinking-reconsidering events, decided Maybe you can understand Suddenly and so important changes, fatigue and memories Because she was not there for a long time, she finally went home;Is it over there With a desire as usual, I will enter the house. And resolutions deleting that this applies to It's not good for talking. 

She immediately told you two mr.lukin Everyone called when she was not there;mr.Daxi, just a few In a few minutes, please fake-but Fitz William I get them for at least an hour, I hope she comes back, and I almost decided to follow her until I found her. Elizabeth can only affect her problems;Is it over there I am very happy.Fitz William is no longer Object;She can only think of her letter. 

Chapter 37. 

The next morning, two sir left Rosmins, mr. Always waiting near the cottage, letting them leave Getting happy wisdom, Your body is very useful and the spirit can also support If you did not touch, after the melangonal scene, you simply disappeared. Through the canyony.Then he hurried to see Mrs. Catherine and her daughter;He returned and returned him, Very satisfied, information of the lady, transmitted She feels very bored, so she is very anxious to have Everyone eats with her. 

Isabel does not remember that Catherine is not visible. If she chooses, she can be presented at this time. She is her niece;No smile, she can not think about it. What will be upset about women?"what she will do? Are you saying this?What she will do?"problem She is having fun. 

Your first theme is to reduce the ROSH party. " To assure you, I feel very good, "said Mrs. Catherine;"me I believe no one will lose friends like me.But I have I especially like these young people and I know they are It's very stuck with me!They mourn a lot to go!But so They always were.Dear Colonel is very cheerful Before the end;Dadi seems to be addicted, I think it's bigger than last year.Your attachment to canisha Of course it will increase. " 

Mr.Collins has a compliment and a tip. Mother and daughter smile well. 

Mrs.Catherine said, Mrs.Banet, I think for dinner. Spiritual anomaly, immediately explain through Suppose she does not like it soon, she goes home.Is it over there Added: 

"But if so, you must write to your mother and ask You can get more.Mrs. Collins will be very happy I believe your company. " 

"Thank you very much for your invitation," Elizabeth said, "But I do not have the opportunity to take advantage of it. I'm a I have to be in town next Saturday. " 

"Why, at this speed, you'll only stay here for six weeks. I'm a I hope you can stay two months.I told Collins Mrs.Collins. You came.You can not go as soon as you.Madam Bunnet can give you two weeks. " 

"But my father can not. He wrote a letter last week to call me back." 

"Oh! If your mother can, your father will certainly have you. The daughter was never so important to her father. You'll stay again, I'll have the opportunity Take you with one for London because I have to go there sooner June, week;Dawson does not resist Barouche-Box, one of you will have a good space-and In fact, if the time comes legal, I should not Again, to bring you two because you are not important. " 

"Lady, you are all very good, but I believe we must obey our Original plan. " 

Mrs.Catherine seems to have been withdrawn."Lady Collins, you have to send a Servo with them.You know I always say my thoughts, but I can not Think of two small women traveling alone. It is not very adequate.You should try to send people.I have one People who do not like these things in the world. Women should look at management. The situation in their lives. Ramse Gate last summer, I pointed out that she has two The man's servant goes with her.Miss Dadi, daughter of Dadi, Mrs. Pingberley and Anna can not be Degree is different.I miss too much All these things.You have to send John and the girls to go together, girls Collins.I am very happy suddenly I mentioned this;because it goes You let them go alone. " 

"My uncle wants to send a servant to us." 

"Oh, your uncle! He has a maiden, is not he? I'm very happy. Some people think of these things.Where do you have to do? Change the horse?Brumley, of course.If you mention my name Touch, you take care. " 

Mrs.Ekaterina also has many other questions to do, respect them The trip because she did not respond to her own, paying attention It is necessary, Isabel believes this is fortunate for her;or She may have forgotten they were there. Reflection should be kept in separate time;whenever she A person is one, it makes it the greatest relief;not one day She will not go alone, she can spoil it. All unpleasant memories. 

Mr. davec, she'll know soon. Heart. She studied every sentence; and she thinks The writer sometimes is quite different. When you are correct Address her style, it is still full of anger; but when She thinks it is unfair and accuses him. Ira it became in itself; their disappointment Feelings become beautiful objects. Annex I am very excited Grateful, their common personality is respectable; but it can not Approve it; it can not regret it at one time or I want to see her again trend. Inside him Last, there is always boring roots Repentance; the unhappy defects of her family, However, it is harder to annoy. They have no hope of remedy. Your father, Pleased with them, never run Suppress a small daughter daughter wild daily; Mother, her life is far from right, is Mal ignorant. Elizabeth often brutal group Work hard to stop the behavior of the surprises of Catherine and ludius; But when they receive the leniency of his mother It could be improved? Catherine, weak-willed, It is anger, led by Lydia, They were appointed by the proposals it; lydia, normal and careless, I barely hear. They do not know nothing, and Confusion. When the melton have an official, they will flirt. With him; when Merrin is within walking distance of the release, they I'll be there. 

Simple concern is another universal problem; Daxi's explanation is that all the advantages over Bentley Point of view, higher latitude. Feelings were sincere, his behavior Delete all responsibility if there is no responsibility His trust in friends.Cake I think in all aspects it's so good, then Total Advantage, Total Hope, Jane Private stupidity and discourtes of your own family! 

When did you join these memories? Weihan's personality can be easy to believe in happiness I used very depressed soul, now so much. The blow makes it almost impossible Very happy. 

His interaction in Rose is the same last time. She stayed for a week as soon as they just started.Last night Say it;The lady asked again Their details gave them oh Better packaging method and urgent needs Put the dress right, Maria believes After returning, she had to cancel all the work in the morning and Refailing your suitcase. 

When separated, Catherine's wife, very modest, I wish them a nice trip and invite them to Huntsford. Next year, miss de boulettes is doing its best Camp, turn to both sides. 

Chapter 38. 

Saturday morning, Elizabeth and Mr.Collins have breakfast together A few minutes to other people;he took Payment of opportunities for the Department of Ethics Absolutely necessary. 

"I do not know, Miss Elizabeth," he said, "Collins has However, she expressed her pleasant intention to find you;but I I'm sure you will not leave the house without receiving it. She means thank you.The kindness of your company has already felt, I promise you this.We know that it attracts anyone to our This place of residence.Our simple way of life, our small room and several Articles for home, and our understanding of the world, Huntsford should be done I am very bored girls like you;But I hope you will I believe we are grateful for our appearance, we did it. We do our best to prevent you from maintaining time Unpleasant." 

Elizabeth seeks his gratitude and happiness. She spent six weeks happy; And Charlotte and his kindness, She must feel committed.Mr. Collins is also very satisfied With a more serious smile: 

"I heard you went through you." Time is not unhappy.We have all our best efforts;and the majority Fortunately, we have the opportunity to introduce you. Excellent society, from our links to Rosen, Change the frequent way of simple family scenes, I think we can Self-transmission, your kazador is not impossible It's totally boring.Mrs. Catherine The family is really an exceptional advantage and blessing Few people can boast.You can see that опознаватель.Clock As we continue to participate there.In fact, I have to admit it. Although this modest pastor of failures, I You should not think that someone corresponds to this object of sympathy. And these are our people shared in the intimate relationship Luo Xin. " 

Speak is not enough to increase your feelings; Elizabeth tries to enter the room Combine the pace and the truth with some short sentences. 

"Actually, you can bring our report to Hethfordshire, my dear cousin.I at least you The attention of Mrs.Catherine to the lady. Collins, you are witnesses every day;I totally believe Your friend seems to draw a failed thing-but For now it's good to be silent.I'm just making sure You, my dear, Miss Elizabeth, I can more than anything from my heart. I honestly wish you happiness at the wedding.My dear Charlotte I just have an idea and a way of thinking.There are some kind of Everything is very similar to the character and ideas We are among us.It seems that we should be designed together. " 

Isabel can have great happiness, is a great happiness. It is so sincerely extra To convince and feel happy with the comfort of your family.Is it over there However, let them solo interrupted and not sorry Lady of them ... Poor Charlotte!Very melancholy Leave it in such a society!But she chose her eyes. Open;although she is clearly, unfortunately, her visitors Go, she does not seem to have sympathy.Her house and her Cleaning services, arrival of her and her bird, and all her families Anxiety, she did not lose her charm. 

Last Chaise Longue arrived, suitcase was corrected The packaging is placed inside and declared ready.Rear Elizabeth is a deep break among friends Mr. Collins looked at the transport as they descended. He trusted in his garden with the most sincere respect. His family, do not forget his kindness Winter gets in Lomban he gave me Lord Although Mrs.Gardner is not known, he then gave her, Maria Then the door is to close, so he Suddenly think of them, some horror, they So far, I forgot to leave a message for women. Rosen. 

"But," he added, "Of course, I hope you accept Express tribute to them, thank you It's good for you when you're here. " 

Elizabeth does not care;Then the door is allowed Close the door, the carriage is open. 

"God!"Maria cried in a few minutes, this is It seems only one or two days from our first!How much does it cost? Everything happened!" 

"Actually much," his companion said, and said. 

"In addition to drinking tea there, we still have food at Luo Xin Restaurant. Twice!How much should I say! " 

Elizabeth added in a private addition: "How much do I need? Hides!" 

Your trip does not say much, nor Alert;They left Huntsford for four hours They arrived at mr.Cadner, they'll leave some there. In the sky. 

Just look good, Elizabeth has little capacity Studying your spirit in various conventions The kindness of his aunt keeps them. Go home with her, there will be enough free time in Lanceen Watch. 

It's not difficult at the same time you can wait By Lengert, she told my sister Daren before To offer.know that she has the ability to reveal what will be Just surprised, but also It is very satisfying your own vanity It's wise, it's so openly tempted. You can win, but it will be solved. On this to exchange a degree;it's yours Afraid if she came into this subject, I'm afraid I was in a hurry. Repeating some things in Bentley, can only make your sister sad Then. 

Chapter 39 

This is the second week of May, three girls From Grasechra Street, go to ... City Hetfordshire;When they approached the named hotel, mr. Bannet transport is to receive them, they quickly realized that As a horse symbol, Katie and people observe Sit out the restaurant on the stairs. Stay in this place, go visit this place. Milina, I looked at the Centinel station, guarding the salad. And cucumber. 

They applauded their sisters after their greetings. Table with this cold meat as hotel storage room usually "Is not that good? That's not good. Surprise?" 

"We plan to be kind with all," added Louis, but you have to borrow Give us the money because we'll have a store out there. " So show her the purchase- "Look here, I bought it Motor cover.I do not think it's very beautiful, but I think I can Or buy it.I broke it in a fragment. Go home, see if I can do better. " 

When your sisters refer to this ugly thing, she added a very perfect. Indifferent, "Oh! But there are two more or three ugly Store;When I bought some adorable satin to decorate It's cool, I think it will be easy to support.In addition, it is Will not represent anything in the summer of this summer, "Charles left Merrin, they'll be out for two weeks." 

"They are devisors!"He cried Isabel, the biggest Satisfy. 

"They will be tied near Brighton; I really want to The father took us there during the summer!It will be like this A delicious plane;dare Mother also wants to do everything!Think of something. We'll have a tragic summer! " 

"Yes," he thinks Elizabeth, "it's going to be a good plan. In fact, he fully serves us.God!Brighton, For us also a large group of soldiers, they are busy Was a bad police team and a monthly ball Merriton! " 

"Now I have some news to tell you" when they sat down, Ludia said On the table."What do you think? This is a great news-capital News is someone we like! " 

Jane and Elizabeth stared at the chamberlain Lydia smiled and said, 

"Yes, it's like your form and judgment. You are that I want the chamberlain, I can not hear it, it seems the same!I dare say that he I often hear worse than I mean.But he has Ugly face!I'm very happy that he gone.I've never seen so long. Chin in my life.Okay, but now tell me;It's about dear Weiha Han;It's great to wait for the chamberlain, do not you?No danger Weihan is married throughout the history of Maria Gold.She's gone. Her Uncle in Liverpool: I lived.WEHA is safe. " 

"Mary Gold is safe!"Elizabeth added;"Far from communication A wealth sarger. " 

"If she loves you, it's a great idiot." 

"But I hope both sides do not have a strong attachment," he said Only... 

"I definitely do not have one. I'll be responsible, never Take care of your three straws-who can hate you Small freckles? " 

Elizabeth is shocked, no matter how you can do this Rough expression, roughness The emotion is just your own chest Fantasy Liberalism! 

All ate, the old man pays the money, the carriage Dedicated;after some whole lot design, and all Your box, work package and packaging as well as unwanted additives Things that Katie and Ludiya bought, feel inside. 

"We're all right there," Lydia cried. "I'm happy to be I bought a hat if you just play another Card! Okay, now let's talk comfortable with comfort Laughing all the way home. First, let's hear When you left, are you all that happened? Did you see that. Is there a good person? Do you have any flirting? I have great hopes Before returning, one of you will have a husband. I say Jane will soon be a beautiful maiden. She is coming. Three 20! My God, I'm not ashamed. The first three 20 years of wedding! I hope you like this aunt Phillips Looking at your husband, you can not think. She says that Lizzie is better You took mr. Collins, but I think there will be no Interesting. Sir, ah! As if I wanted some You, I'll go with you to participate in the whole ball. Dear I'm! A few days ago, we spend a great time there, Colonel Adopted. Katie and I want to spend the day where Mrs. Foster promised to dance at night; (dust Ads, Mrs. Forster and I are so friends!) Then she asked Harrington Two people come but Harriet was sick so pan They did, then, do you think we did? We have Chambers Ryan Woman Dress Woman, just with how interesting! Nobody knows, but colonel Mrs. Foster, Katie and I, except my aunt, because we She was forced to ask for a borrowed dress, you can not imagine how Looks good! When Danny, and Wickham, and Pratt, and two or Three more people came, they do not know him. At least. Sir, ah! How I laughed! Mrs. Foster too. I think that He had to die. Makes people think this and Then they quickly discovered the problem. " 

There is a history party and jokes, Luya, with Katie and supplement, Have fun your partner to go to Lance Ben.Elizabeth listened. Do everything possible, but no one can avoid frequent Refer to the WEHHAN name. 

They are very friendly at home.Lady bunnet I see you just beauty;more than once dinner Mr.Bantte said voluntarily to Isabel: 

"I'm very happy for you to come back, and you're going in line." 

They have a large collection in the restaurant, almost everything Lucas came to Maya and listened to the news; Take your object: Luca woman asks Mary, after the well-being and the bird of her big daughter;Madam Bannet double participation, one hand Only fashion, it stands below, On the other hand, they are all retail for all young Lucas; Lydia's voice is greater than anyone's other person. Charging people in the morning Listen to your voice. 

"Oh! Maria," she said, "I hope you come with us, because we are already Very interesting!When we go, Katie, and I got the shutters, so There is no one in the carriage;I gotta go So on the way, if Katie is not sick;When we get George, I really think we're very beautiful because we treat The other three have the world's best cold If you are gone, we will also enter you.Then, It's very interesting when we left!I thought you should not I entered the carriage.I'm ready to die.So we have I'm very happy to go home!We talked and smiled very loudly. Anyone who can hear our voice 10 km away! " 

Maria answered very seriously, "Honey, far from me." Sister, humbling this happiness!There is no doubt that they will It corresponds to the universality of women's thinking.But I recognize them I do not have charm for me-I would like a book. " 

But Lydia did not hear that answer. No more than half a minute, Mary never cares Is nothing. 

In the afternoon, Lydia and other girls are very relevant. Go to Merrin and see how everything is;But Elizabeth You're not supposed to tell you. Bannet can not be at home in front of them She still has another reason. She's afraid to see Mr.Weihan again. He is determined to avoid it as much as possible.Convenient for her _ The group will burn, which is really difficult. Two weeks after they were going-once, she was waiting there Nothing can cheer for him. 

She did not have a few hours at home. Brighton's plans, Lydia gave a reminder at the hotel. Her parents are often discussed. She directly said that her father is not the slightest intention Her response is so blurred when answering Two mother, though often disappointed, but never However, the final despair of success. 

Chapter 40. 

Elizabeth made impatiently what happened. Can no longer be overcome;she finally decided to suppress Every detail of your sister's care and training What surprised is that she has a relationship with her the next morning. Mr. Dawie and the scene between her. 

Miss.Bannett will soon be softened by strong people. The sisters' preference makes any admiration in Isabel. Very nature;All surprises will disappear in others Sorry, mr.Dadi should use it. Emotion is very adequate to recommend them;but She also feels sad for unfortunately her sister. She refused to give him. 

"He's so sure success is wrong," she said, "and Of course it should not appear;But tell how much it is? Disappointment of it should be added! " 

"Really," Elizabeth responds, "I feel sincerely sad; but he There are other feelings, you can get rid of it soon. Respect me.Still, you do not blame me? " 

"Guilt you! Oh, no." 

"But you guilty, then what do you think of Vehahan?" 

"No-I do not know if you do wrong." 

"But you will know when I tell you what happened The next day." 

Then she talked about the letter and repeated everything. As far as they say, George weighs.It's really a spill Soon bad!Who is ready to go through this world I can not believe that there is so badly Human races are like a meeting here. The defense of Daxi, even if it is grateful to his feelings, Make her feel better about it. Prove the probability of errors and strive for clean mistakes Do not involve each other. 

"It's not," Isabel said;"You will never be able to Let them have advantages for everything.Choose your choice, but you You should only satisfy one.Just that amount Advantages between them;enough to become a good person; Recently, it has undergone major changes.As far as I said, I Usually, believe in everything in the cottage;But you have to do what you have to do. Choice." 

However, after a while, the smile will be extinguished Only... 

"I do not know when I'm shocked," she said.Weihan. Sorry!It's almost faith in the past.Dear Run Park, considering that he was injured. Disappointed!I also know his opinion! You should tie your sister's things!Really too I believe you should have this feeling. " 

"Oh! No, my repentance and my sympathy will disappear by seeing you." Both are full.I know that you will deal with justice. I became more indifferent and indifferent every moment.You Lots of money to save money;If you moan More time my heart will be as light as feathers. " 

"The Poor People! There is a kind of Guy!Your attitude is so open and kind! " 

"Of course there is a serious department in education. Two young guys.A kind of kindness, the other It's all his appearance. " 

"I did not expect that Mr. Daxi was so short _ Appearance _ Convenience Stickers As you did before. " 

"However, I will make that very intelligent decision." I do not like it for no reason.It is an incentive for a person. A genius, such open wisdom, is what hate. A man may have been insulting, nothing, nothing;but A person can not always laugh at a person from time to time. I found some things in the accident. " 

"The park runs when you read the card for the first time, I'm sure you can not Treats this thing as now. " 

"Actually, I can not. I can say I'm uncomfortable. Unhappy.No one talks about my feelings, not just To console me saying that I am not so weak and vanity Just like funny!Oh, how do I want you! " 

"I'm very bad, you really used it. Mr. Dauy is talking about Weiman, now they are It should not be. " 

"Of course it can be. But disgrace with pain. The injury is the most natural result Invisible.One thing I need your suggestion.I have I mean I have to leave us Acacia usually understands what weighs the character. " 

Miss Bantte stopped, then replied: "Of course you can There is no way to expose it so terribly. Opinion?" 

"It's not worth a try, Mr. Daxi did not allow I put my exchange in public. Special relatives of your sister mean as much as possible It is possible for me;If I'm hard to deceive others Who will believe me?Who will believe me? The effort against Mr.Daxi is so cruel, then Half of the Merriton is trying to put it Other.I'm not like this.Weihan will soon be I did not see him, so it will not show you anyone here. After a while everything will be detected, then we You can laugh at stupidity they did not know before.currently I wont say anything." 

"You're right. Open your mistakes, you can ruin He is forever.Maybe he is now sorry for his own home, and The desire to restore the role.We can not leave you Despair." 

This conversation softened Isabel's confusion. She got rid of two secrets that put pressure on her. In two weeks, I really believe this is the desired audience. Whenever she wants to talk about both. There are still some things that are placed, careful She did not dare connect the other half of Mr.Daxi. The letter did not explain her sister to her sister. Paying attention to your friend.This is the knowledge that no one can do. Participation;It is very reasonable, no more than perfect Understanding Between the two sides can prove that she is firing justified things. Get rid of the last load in the secret."So," she said, "if An event that is very impossible to happen, I just Can tell Bentley speak more pleasantly Politeness.Freedom of communication can not belong to me until All the value is lost! " 

Now she's at home watching leisure The mental state of her sister.Jane is very happy.She is still Bentley has a very kind feeling. She used to cost her in love, her respect First arrival, age and character, even more This is often boasted by most initial investments; It is an enthusiasm to value her memory, which is most likely for everyone. Another person, all his judgment, and all his attention The feeling of your friend is a necessary condition to check the leniency Those who mourn harmful to their own health And his tranquility. 

"Well, Pu Yun," said Mrs.Buntte, what do you have? Simple Tragic Business?As far as I said, I He decided not to present anything else about it.I said to myself Phillips took a few days for.But I can not find it. I did not see anything in London.Well, he's a very uncomfortable person. Young people do not want at least one chance Now she gets her world.Nobody talks about his arrival Summer again go to Nigfield;I asked Everyone can know. " 

"I think he'll never live in the Niger field." 

"Oh, alright! It's his choice. No one wants him. Although he had always said he made my daughter. If I go, I will not tolerate.Well my comfort I believe I'm going to die in a broken heart;Then he goes I apologize for him. " 

But Isabel can not comfort himself from any of these people. She did not answer. 

"Well, Punchik, soon, his mother continued," So Collins lives very comfortable, is not it?Well, well, I just hope Will last.What table are you reserved for?Charlotte is Great manager, I dare say.If she's half her Mother, she's done enough. I dare say my cleaning of service. " 

"No, nothing." 

"Great good governance depends on this. Yes, yes. They do not pay attention to your income. Never worry about money.Okay, this is good for them! So I think they often say when you My father is dead.I dare say that they think it is totally on their own, Whenever this happens. " 

"This is a subject they can not mention before me." 

"No; if they have, it will be very strange; but I have no doubt They often talk about it.If they can It is easy for illegal property, then Better.I should be ashamed, just I added this to myself. " 

Chapter 41. 

Their first week came back soon.The second began. This is the last time you have left in Merriton and everything Girl near quickly flaccidity.In Depression is almost universal.Only the lady in the old arch She is still able to eat, drink, sleep and follow normal courses Your job.They often blame This fitness of Cathy and Ludius is not Benefola, his own pain Extreme that can not understand so cold and relentless Any family. 

"God! How are we going? What do we do?" They will often suffer."How can you Smile, pu k. " 

His affectionate mothers shared all his sadness;she remembered She survived in such a case, 20-5 years ago. 

"I'm sure," she said, "I exclaimed two days together. Colonel Miller is gone.I think I should Break my heart." 

"I'm sure I'll break myself," Lydia said. 

"If a man can only go to Brighton!" He watched Mrs.Bennet. 

"Oh, yes! If you can go to Brighton! But the father is so Annoying." 

"A little bath will always be excited." 

"My Phillips Tutia is convinced that this is very useful to me." Very good, "added Katie. 

It's kind of crying forever. House liberine.Elizabeth tries to transfer them;but all She disappeared with shame. The opposition of Mr.Daoui;She never did this. Forgive your intervention in friends. 

But the prospects of Lydia quickly disappeared;why She received the invitation from Foster, Foster. Colonel group, accompanied by Brighton. An invaluable friend is a very young woman, recently Married.Good humor and good spirit have similar things I recommend her and Lydia, from her _ three _ They met for two months. 

In this case, the ecstasy of Lydia, your adoration to the lady Adopted, the joy of a bath, as well as Kathy poorly described.I do not give you attention. My sister is feeling, Lydia is angry and flying at home. Bedroom, Call Everyone Congratulations, Laugh Use more violence than ever; Continue complaining about your destination in the living room Because her accent is very angry, reckless. 

"I do not understand why the foster should not ask me. Luya, "she said," although I'm not her special friend.I have Sure, as right, as she asked, more because I'm two years old. " 

Elizabeth tried to make her reasonable but not successful, simple. As for Isabel, this is an invitation. So far, she did not say goodbye people like her mother. And Lisia thinks death The possibility of the last common sense; This step should let her know that she can not help Under Secret, it is recommended that her father does not let her go.Your Representative For him, all the misconduct of Lydia's overall behavior Small advantage, can come from friendship As a woman of reception, and it is more likely to become A rare exercise in Brighton in such companion The temptation should be greater than at home.He listened to her Content, then he said: 

"Lydia will never be easy if she does not expose her own We can never expect her to do this in public places or elsewhere. It will take less than her family. Current situation." 

"If you know," said Elizabeth, "it's too big It should be received from all of us. Lydia has no training and relation easy-no, she's already From this I believe you go Event." 

"Is there?"repeated mr.Bantte."What is she afraid of? Take your favorite people with you?But not relevant Down.Such neuropolitical young people can not bear A little funny, do not regret it.Come, let me see List of Ruins Lydia Craziness." 

"You're really wrong, I do not have so much resentment, maybe resentment. Not special, but General Evil, I am now Complain. Our meaning and decent in the world should Crazy hesitation effects, guarantees and contempt All symbolic limitations with the character of Lydia. Sorry because I have to Quite frankly. If you, my dear father will not cause problems Test her spirit and teach her Now the search is not her life, she goes The range of the change will soon be exceeded. Your role will be Fixed, it will become the strongest tonstrom at the age of 16 years Once he made his family or his family; tunner too Worse and more appropriate flirting; not To appeal to young people and patient; Your ignorance and empty totally can not resist Its malignant universal perspective Admire the excitement. In this danger, Katie is also Understand. No matter where Lydia has entered, she will follow. Confusion, Ignorance, nothing, absolutely uncontrolled! Oh! My dear father, Can you assume that they will not be accused? No matter where they despise, your sisters will not You're ashamed?" 

Mr.Bantte saw that everything that was in this matter, and Speaking in her hand, answering: 

"Do not let yourself be difficult, baby. No matter where you are. I know you must be respectful and valuable;You will not show up For fewer benefits-or I can say, three-very Sisters stupid.If we do this, Lidia will not be the world in loin. Do not go to Brighton. Wise people will no longer stay away from any true joke;Is it over there Fortunately, it's too bad, can not be someone's prey.Exists Even as regular flirting, it will not be so important. More than she is here.Employees will find more valuable women Your warning.So let's hope she can She can not grow anyway. Worse than that, there is no authorization to block it Her rest. " 

With this answer, Isabel was forced to meet;but her own The same is true, she is disappointing him. However, raising it is not your nature He was confused in her problems. Totally worry about her responsibilities, and worry about the inevitable evil or To reinforce them through anxiety is not part of his nature. 

Lydia and your mother know the contents of your meeting With his father, they hardly felt bad. In the imagination of Lydia, Access to Brighton contains all the possibilities of the world Happiness.She saw the street with a creative vision This cytical homogenic coated.She saw her Objects, currently dozens and dozens of them Unknown.She saw all the glory of the field tent magnification In a beautiful line is packed with young people. And the hammatics shine with flowers;and to complete Look, she saw her sitting on a tent, playing softly. At the same time, there are at least six officers. 

If she knows your sister wants to get her out of so foreground What did she want? They can only be understood by her mother, your moms can It seems almost the same.Lydia went to Brighton to be like this Comforting their melancholy beliefs that never made their husband I plan to go there. 

But they do not know what happened; The ecstasy continues almost without interruption Lydia went home. 

Elizabeth is now the last time to see Uzhan.Have to Since she came back, she was often excited about him. It's over;incitement at previous injury She even learned to test Originally made her happy, corrective It's hard and fatigue is the same.With your current behavior In addition, it also has new dissatisfaction because The tendency to prove to update these intentions It was marked by your advance purchases. After experiencing him, I bothered her.She lost everything worried Because he discovered that he was chosen as such an object Do nothing, bravery;when it is stably deleted It must feel guilty in his faith, No matter how long, no matter what reason, your attention Your vanity will be met, your preference Protect through your updates. 

Leave the last day of Merriton in the army, he Food and other officers go to dinner in Lengerne;very little Is Elizabeth ready to leave him humor? She makes some methods of asking for her time After Hunzford, she mentioned Fitz William and Sr. Daxi Three weeks Rosoxy, she asked, If he knows the first. 

He looks surprised, unhappy, panicked;But there is another moment Remembering and attacking a smile, answering before he I often see him;And, he noticed that he was very The Lord that the man asked him to love him.Your answer I keep warm.With an indifferent look, it's very fast Then add: 

"How long have you said he was at Rosh?" 

"Three weeks." 

"Do you see him frequently?" 

"Yes, there are almost every day." 

"Your behavior is very different from your brother." 

"Yes, very different. But I want to change that. Knowledge." 

"That is!"mr.Weihan turned on, his expression did not run. "Moli, may I ask?"But check yourself, he added, Language Gair, "Does this progress? He got it. Give a generous style? -Because I do not dare I hope "He continued to speak low and serious tone" Improvement of need. " 

"Oh no!"said Elizabeth."In general, I believe he is very He used to look. " 

When she speaks, weha does not know if you see. I'm happy with her, or I do not trust their meaning. Some of her faces allow him to use Was restless and restless as she added: 

"When I said he made progress in his knowledge, I do not say. Your mind or way is in a state of improvement, but Better understand it, your character will be better Clean." 

The sound of alarm weha is now bigger Expressed animated;He is silent for a few minutes until shaking Her embarrassment is addressed to her, in The most moderate accent: 

"You understand a lot, Mr. Daxi, you'll be happy. Understand how much I have to be smart enough and happy Suppose or even an appearance on the right.Your pride Direction, if it is not in yourself, it can be useful for many others. Because this could stop him from being incorrectly informal, like me. Suffer.I only worry about this caution I think you're insinuating, just him When visiting the aunt, he has a good look and common sense in the aunt. Very afraid.He played with his fear, I know when They are together;Many things can be brought to your desire Transfer game with Bur, I'm sure Your heart is very important. " 

Elizabeth can not suppress a smile, but she replied She just folded her head a little.She sees what he wants Let her understand her dissatisfaction, she It's not humorous to pamper him. It's usually happy on his side, but no. So try to distinguish Isabel;they finally separated With mutual courtesy, it can be a common desire that will never happen. See also again. 

After the party, Lydia and Foster returned Merrin, they start from there the next morning. Its relationship between your family Sad.Katie is the only person who cries;But she's crying. Of concerns and embarrassment.Bennetmad is very good I want to give you a great impression of his wishes. Prohibition of its lost opportunities As far as possible is the complete reason I believe I will be very good care;in stirring and agitation Lydia forgives, especially tender Ice sisters were not heard. 

Chapter 42. 

Elizabeth's opinion was made from his family. It is impossible to form a very pleasant opinion Comfortable fuel or family. Her father is fascinated by young people Beautiful and humorous appearance, which is young and beautiful Generally, a woman who married a weak person The unfavorable mind formed in all people very early in his wedding. Really feeling her. Respect, respect and trust Always disappear; And her opinions about inner happiness Jumping. But Mr. Bann is not controversial. He is not careful and disappointed Brought these fun into any regular console Unfortunately, your stupid or your professional. He loves it very much. National and books; Basic pleasure. For his wife, he's a bit different. Thank you, not because of your ignorance and stupidity to promote it. training. This is not a happy man. As a rule, I hope your wife; But other places Entertainment is desirable, the real philosopher will be derived Of this well-being. 

However, Elizabeth never blindly Her father as a husband's behavior.She always saw Pain;But respect your ability and grateful Full attitude for yourself, it is difficult to forget that She can not ignore, develop your thoughts constant violation of the obligations and decoration of husband and wife, Let your wife reflauded her own son, yeah. Very condemnation.But she never feels very much. She must participate in such shortage of children Marriage, there is no such awareness of evil Talents so hard to judge;talents that a Adequate use, can save at least respect Your daughter, even if you can not expand your heart wife. 

When Elizabeth found the care of the wick, she found it. Other causes of loss of legion. Their foreign parties are more diverse than before, at home She has a mother and sister, her permanent record Everyone around them play a true melancholy Inner circle; And despite the kitten, you can restore it Sensation of nature, because its sick brain Excluded his other sisters, who is more evil Can be arrested, your stupid can harden And thanks to this double danger warranty Watering and camping. In general, she found Sometimes I discovered this incident The desire to be impatient, no, Location, bring all the satisfaction of this promised. this So you need to call again Start current advantages - There are other views Your desire and hope can be corrected, enjoy again I look forward to fun, console yourself and Prepare another disappointment. Your journey has arrived on the lake now Your happy ideas; It's the best comfort of her All inconvenient time is dissatisfied with his dissatisfaction Mother and kittens are inevitable; Can include In this sense, every part of this is ideal. 

"But lucky," she, "" she has something Hopefully complementary agreement, my disappointment I confirm this.However, bringing me without prohibition My sister is not regret, I can wisely hopefully Let me reach all the expectations of fun. Each part is committed to pleasure, never succeed; Disappointment is only protection measures to avoid Strange problems. " 

When Lidia leaves, she promised to write frequently. Tikazu your mother and cat;But letters her always Long-term expectations are always very short.Here you have your own mother Other others somewhere else Library, these employees participated in them. She sees such a wonderful ornament because she is very good. Wild land;She has a new dress or a new umbrella, she More completely, but he is required to stay in a As violent as Mrs. Ford said she, they are going Go to the camp;It corresponds to my sister, There is less training - Give your kitten letters, Although it is too long, it is very full of strings under words. public. 

After the first two weeks or not three weeks ago, health, Humor, cheerful began to reappear at the Dragon Fort. Everything is happier aspects.When a family Winter city returned, good will of summer and summer Participation will appear.Lady in the bath caused her usual. Pleasant calm;and in mid-June the kitten both Restore to enter the meriton without tears;event Make Elizabeth to become such a happy appointment After Christmas, she can be so capable of transporting reasonable principles. The official employee is mentioned above, otherwise, there is no cruel Arrangement of damage from a military office, another group should In Malton's block. 

Time start at northern tourism Close, he only wants, in two weeks, when a A letter from Mrs. Kadner arrived immediately. Start and reduce your degree.Mister Gardner Blocking through companies for the next two weeks In July, it is necessary to be in London in a month. Leave very little time, let them change so far, see a lot They are named or at least look at it in random order They insist on comfort, they should surrender Lake, replacing more contracts and introduces Current plane, not far from the north Derbishire.In this district, it is sufficient to be considered busy. Leader of three weeks;There are Katner ladies Special intensive attractive.Little she was a small town After a year of life, where do they spend one now? Some days, it can be a great object of your curiosity. Matlock, Chatsworth, Dudedalale or Celebrate peak. 

Elizabeth suppresses; she allowed her to feel Lake Vision, still thinking it can be time He arrives.But this is her business, of course, she. Dark happiness; everyone will be soon. 

He has many ideas in the degrees. She can not see this word and not think Penfalley and owner."But yes," she said, "I can enter The district suffers from the county, which is unchanged, stole a little petrochemical bathroom. He took me." 

I hope I have doubled.Schedule weeks He disappeared before his uncle and aunt.But they passed Caution, and Mr. Gardner, there are four children, do it. Length appears in Longbourn.The two girls are six and Eight years and two boys were left Special take care of your brothers, it's general Favorite and stable feelings and sweet character Adapt in several ways - learn them, Play with them, love them. 

Gardens stayed in Longburn at night and were The next morning, with Elizabeth pursues novelty and entertainment. The ability to enjoy the affirmative - peer; Suitable for health and character Check - happy fun - all fun - and Feelings and intelligence, can provide If he is disappointed abroad. 

This is not an object of this work to describe. Derbishire, not any unusual place Your route is;Oxford, Blenheim, Warwick, Kenilworth, Birmingham et al are known.Next part Derbishire is a comprehensive attention.In the city Lamton, Gardiner, lives in front of you, where She recently learned that some relatives remained complex Seeing all the great miracles, their curved steps Parents;and I found five miles in Elizabelandla Her aunt than a gift.This is not in your Straight road, no more than one mile or two.In conversation For the previous route, Mrs. Gardner said It is inclined to see this place again.Mister Gardner announced his Readiness and elizabeth for your recognition. 

"My love, you should not see it in some places Listen so many?"Tell your aunt;"There are so many places Your acquaintance is connected.Vikov went through youth There you know." 

Elizabeth is very painful.It seems she has no business. Penfalley, and make sure to support the lack of will IT'S.She is tired of seeing an excellent house; I walked a lot, she really did not have fun at a beautiful rug. Satin curtains. 

Ms. Gardner abuses her stupid."If it's just good The house is equipped with satisfactory furniture, "she said," I do not have to take care of it. I am; but the place is very good.They have some Best forest in this country." 

Elizabeth does not say more - but his idea can not.That Mr. Daxa meeting, watching this place, It happened immediately.It will be terrible!Is blushing I thought I thought I was going to talk about my aunt. It often does not perform this risk.But it does not agree with this; She finally decided that it could be the last resort She is a private issue without a family. Advantage. 

So when she retired at night, she asked the broker. Is it a good place to have a good place?What is your name owner?In addition, there are no few alarms, be family Is it under summer?The most popular negative trait The last question is her warning now removed, she Leisure feels very curiosity to see the house Herself;When the topic is restored the next morning and Applies again and can easily read it easily and have adequate I really do not like the air, she really does not like it. Flat.So they're going. 

Chapter 43 

Elizabeth, because they go, watch first look Petheurman forest has some violations; when length They turned into a hut, his spirit was played. 

The park is very large and contains several bases. They entered one of the lowest points and led some people. Through beautiful wood in a wide range. 

Elizabeth's thoughts are very full of conversations, but she saw it. Admire every place and significant view.They gradually Half mile, so I'll be on top Sound too terrible, wooden stop, eyes Sit backwards On the valley side there are some sudden wounds. This is a large beautiful stone building that looks very good on ascension. Land, ridge supported by high wooden hills;in front of The natural extension of the natural value is higher, but There is no artificial appearance.Not official There are no false jewelry.El.bet is very happy.I never saw Natural place or natural beauty Confused taste caused Little Boyotov.They have They all admire;At that moment she feels This is Mrs. Witch-Penhi can! 

They come to the hill, cross the bridge, take it. Door; and checking the nearby surface She is worried about returning to her owners.Are afraid to avoid The broker was misunderstood.We looked at this place in the appendix, They entered the hall; and Elizabeth because they are waiting For a person speaks, I want to know where she is at leisure. It was earlier. 

Home housekeeping goes;Dear elderly woman. More than the concept of discovery, more fines Is it over there.They follow it in a restaurant.This is big, Proportional room, suitable.Elizet, then Slightly measure, go to the window to enjoy your prospects. Hill, possum with a tree, they fell, accept This is a beautiful object at a distance from the distance. Each land use is very good;She looks at All the scene, river and trees are scattered on the bench and Take it to it Happiness.These items in other rooms Take different positions;But from each window Beautiful woman who wants to see.The kit was very happy, of them Furniture is suitable for wealth of owners;but Elizabeth saw her nor Segmentation is useless;less bright, more realistic Elegant, no mobile for roses. 

"And this place," "I think she," I can be a lover! I can be familiar with these rooms now! I can sound in, I do not think of them as a stranger. They are mine and welcome them as a visit to my uncle and Aunt.But no, - Remember - "You can never; Uncle and aunt will be lost in me; I should not be Let them invite them." 

This is a happy memory - she saved her from something. I like to regret it. 

Does she seek to ask for a housewife if she is her master? Really absent, but there is no courage.However, the length is This question makes her uncle; she turned Alarm clock, Mrs. Renos replied that she added, "But we I hope he tomorrow, there is a large couple of friends."Like Erizabeth - Your own journey is not the same. The environment is delayed for a day! 

Your aunt now called her to see the photo.It is approaching I saw Mr. Vika, the likeness of suspension and several other Vomita is in the fireplace.The aunt smiled, laughs As she likes it.Trucking a housewife and tells them This is a photo of a young gentleman, his son to the Master Housewife, who took him."He Now I entered the army, "she added;" But I worry that he has The result is very wild. " 

Ms. Gardner smiled and looked at her niece, but Elizabeth It is impossible to return. 

"That," said Ms. Renos, refers to another Vomita: "My master is like him. At the same time, as for the other eight years. " 

"I heard good people from your owner," said Lady Gardner, look at this photo; "This is a beautiful face. But but, but Lizzy, you can tell us if you like it." 

Mrs. Renos respected Elizabeth, it seems, it increases. She knows her tips. 

"Do you know Mr. Dashi?" 

Elizabeth Color, and said, "A little." 

"Do not you think he's a beautiful gentleman, lady?" 

"Yes very pretty". 

"I believe that _I_ does not know so beautiful; but in the gallery The ladder you will see finer, great photos. This room is my long-awaited room, as well as these rooms Zoomer looks like a past.It's too much their." 

This explains Elizabeth, Elizabeth. 

Reynolds Lada sends them to pay attention to the focus of Miss Das West, When she is only eight years old. 

"Di Xi is the same beautiful, like your brother?" Lady said. Gardener. 

"O! Yes - a young woman who saw; It ended!She plays and drinks all day.In the next room This is a new tool that only participated in Master; she will come here tomorrow. " 

Mr. Gardner, his way is very easy, Encourage your communication through your problems and speaks; Mrs. Reen, if it is proud or on, clearly large Talk about your owner and the fun of your sister. 

"Is it a lot of your owner?" 

"It's not my hope, sir, but I dare say that he can spend money." He is half here; Miss Daxa always falls in the summer. Several months." 

"In addition to the" ideological elizabeth "when it goes to the sheep. 

"If your owner is married, you can see more." 

"Yes, but I do not know when _that_ will be. Who is good enough for him." 

Mr. Gardner and laughing.Elizhibet can not say "It's very important for your reputation, I suppose you should think Then." 

"I will not tell the truth, everyone will say that they know He ", another person answered. Elizabeth believed very beautiful Far; and she heard incredible The housewife added, "I never read his phrase. Of his four years, my life, I already knew him." 

Praise, all other people are the most appropriate, opposite The idea of this.It's not the character's own, it was always her. The most important comment.Is the most popular clumsy; she strives I have to hear more, and I am grateful to my uncle: 

"There are many people who can say something. Fortunately, there is such a master. " 

"Yes, sir, I know me. If I have to try the world, I Can not satisfy better.But I watched this. When the children are kind, they are kind They grow; it is always the sweetest, more Generous boy in the world. " 

Elizabeth almost looks at her."Can that be Mr. dasha?" Is it over there. 

"Your father is an excellent person," said Mrs. Gardener. 

"Yes, he does it; his son is like He's just poor. " 

Elizabeth listened, wanted to know, doubts, do not hurry Most.Missis Renault may be interested in other places. Related Images of the theme, size Price in the rooms and furniture, go.Mr. Khada, Very surprised, these families prefer it This is due to the excessive expression of its owner, soon leads Give a topic again; She hates a lot of energy They collected their big staircase together. 

"He is the best landlord, the best master," she said, "What Always live; now I do not like wild young people, he thought Besides himself.Not or in your tenant or Servo, but it will give a good name.Who called him I am proud of; but I believe I have never seen anything."Imagination, The fact that he had no one else except for other young people. " 

"Under the wonderful light, it is placed!" Elizabeth. 

"This is very good for him." When they arrived, my aunt whispered. "Do not correspond to your poor friends." 

"Maybe we can be deceived." 

"It is not very likely; our power is too good." 

They are displayed as a spacious room to reach the spacious lounge mentioned above. Beautiful living room, most elegant recent decorations Flexible than the apartment below; and said that Yes, but I just did everything possible to pretend that this is Darcy, I was west. When you continue Pusteli, you will enjoy the room. 

"He's definitely a good brother," Elizabeth said, which Elizabeth said Fall into one of the windows. 

Ms. Renos is expected to be the joy of Miss Dasha, she must Enter the room."It's always with your own way," she added. "If you have fun, you will be more done. Time.Nothing, he will not do it for her." 

Photo gallery and two or three main rooms, He still proved what is proven.There are many advantages in the first Frame; but Elizabeth does not know the art; with this As can be seen below, you are ready to turn. Look at the papers of Miss Daxa, on a pencil, your subject Generally more interesting, it is also more understandable. 

In the gallery there are many family portraits, but they can He almost paid attention to the attention of strangers.Elizht was On exclusive faces are looking for their characteristics. Finally, he arrested - she saw the spirituality Mr. Daxa, because of his smile, she remembered Sometimes I see when he looks at her.There were some A few minutes before the photo, carefully contemplate Return it again before going to the gallery.MS .. Reynolds tells them that he is employed by his father life. 

Of course, in mind in Elizabeth, more I feel suffering from an initial sensation of what she suffers. The height of her acquaintances.Fells It is nature Ms. Renos.chto compliment Is it more valuable than smart servants praise?Like Brother, landlord, master, she finds how many people Happiness is under her supervision!- How happy or pain Give you power!- how good or evil should be Completed for him!Every idea of each proposal The housewife is beneficial to her personality and stays when she is. Before it is represented by canvas, he corrected his eyes She thought of her deepest emotions. I am grateful than anterior gratitude;She remembers that Hot expression and softened incorrectly. 

When all houses that usually verify I saw, they retired, take a break. Housewife, party for the gardener, they found them Room room. 

When they walked down the hallway, Elizabeth Return and see; his uncle and aunt stopped and Although the first guess the date of the building, Suddenly appeared from the road, This led him to the stables behind him. 

They are in the 20-year-old, so suddenly Your appearance is impossible to avoid your vision.AND When you are now, the cheeks of two are excessive distribution. The deepest blush.Is absolutely starting, it seems Of surprise; but soon restor, advanced Talk to the party and talk about Elizabeth, if not Ideal calm, at least perfect civilization. 

She instinctively turned; But the method will stop Due to possible embarrassment and won praise he had his first appearance or similarity with other They only checked the photos, not enough to ensure Two others that they now saw Mr. Nasty, gardener Express a surprise, James, should immediately They told me. When he and he together, they are a bit cold His niece, who, incredible and confused, is almost afraid to raise Eyes of her face, I do not know what the answer she returned His family after his people asked. Surprised of change Your path with the last, each offer This increases your embarrassment; And every idea She was found in her mind is not adequate A few minutes they are one of the Uncomfortable in your life. It seems that he reads it easier; When he spoke, his accent is not a common heavy; and He asked to repeat it when she left Longburn, she stayed in Derbyshire, often there Quickly to walk, apparently on the distraction of her thoughts. 

It seems that every idea failed; and after staying There are very few moments that did not say a word, he suddenly remembered He rested and rested. 

The others are then united to it and express their advertising. Digital; But Elizabeth heard that this is not a word, but completely Her feelings follow them. She was surprised Through shame and anxiety. She's the bad thing. The least obvious thing in the world! It should be strange Appearance on it! What insensitive light can not reach Man in vain! It looks like she deliberately challenged her. On my way! There! Why will she come? Or because Your expected day? They only have ten minutes Later they should overcome their volume Discriminate; Because it's easy, it's time I arrived - instantly came down from my horse or the coach. Is it over there It's red again and red again. with Her behavior is so surprised when changing what this can mean? Then. I do not even have to talk to her! - Talk to this Civilization, ask your family! Your life was never there. Seeing her behavior of such dignity, he never said It's so kind that this is an unexpected meeting. How distinctive it is It provided your last address to your last address. Let her go! She does not know what to think or how Account. 

Now they come in a beautiful walk in the water, Each step promotes noble land or They are close to forest flow;but that This is the time period for Elizabeth;and, Although she mechanically responded to her re-attractiveness. Uncle and Aunt seem to point to the eyes for these objects They indicated that it is a different part of the scene.Is it over there All ideas are set in place in Hong Kong Park, Regardless of which of them, Mr. Dashi, then then. Knows what you are currently thinking - in your own way I think of it, be despised, she I still find it.Maybe it's just because he felt citizenship He is very relaxed;However, his voice already has _that_ I do not like it.He has more pain or fun Seeing her, she can not say, but he never saw her. Calm. 

However, length, your companion commented on this The soul caused her, she felt more than more encouraged How is she. 

Forest rates and di island entered the river Despite the fact that it has improved some of the greatest reasons when he is in which place? The opening of the trees gives the strength of the eye, a lot Charming Valley, Hills on the contrary, for a long time Many covered trees, sometimes part streaming. Mr. Gardner expressed the wish from all over all over Park, but worried that it can exceed short. victory I was told that it was a queue of more than a dozen miles. It solves this problem Things that persecute habits; She brings They again, after a certain period of time, hanging blood in the forest, The edge of the water, and its narrow part. their Through a simple bridge, use the general air to cross it Scene, this is a place, with less costs than any chance Access and valley, here is compressed in the glue, which allows Unique Cry, narrow distance narrow distance He is approaching him. Wood stroke. Elizabeth wants to learn Winding, but when they pass through the bridge, and realize They are at home from home, Mrs. Gardner, he's not big Walker, can not go further, and I just want to return The car as fast as possible. Then his niece, Have a presentation commitment to go to the house On the other side of the river, in the direction near, but For Mr. Gardner, his progress is very slow, but it is very little I added the taste, I like to fish a lot, it's so See the appearance of some of the trout Water, talk to man, he's advanced But small. Although this is a slow way, they Again, surprisingly, Elizabeth surprises are very equal At first, Mr. dasha is close to They do not have a lot of distance. Less than Asylum instead on the other side, let them see it They find. However, Elizabeth, but at least still Ready for the interview, not before, and decided to appear and If he really intends to eat them, see Calm. AN. In fact, when less, she feels that he can attack. Some other ways. This idea lasted a short Hide your point of view, turn to the past, it In front of them. At first glance, she saw that he was lost Without his recent civilization, and imitating his courtesy, she The beginning as they meet, enjoy the beauty of this place, but it There will be no superior "pleasant" and "charming" Some unfortunate memories are revealed, it highly appreciated. Bloomfoli from it can be emphasized. Is it over there Color changed, she does not say. 

Ms. Gardner laid back; is suspended He asked if she would try to introduce him to him. His friend.This is a civilized stroke. It is very unprepared; it is almost unable to inhibit your smile. Some people are looking to date some people Your pride against your suggestion. "What is the meaning of your surprise," thinking of her, "when he knows who they are Yes, now he is with his own mods." 

Ms. Gardner laid back; is suspended He asked if she would try to introduce him to him. His friend.This is a civilized stroke. It is very unprepared; it is almost unable to inhibit your smile. Some people are looking to date some people Your pride against your suggestion. "What is the meaning of your surprise," thinking of her, "when he knows who they are Yes, now he is with his own mods." 

However, send it immediately;When she is named They have a relationship with hers, she stole and stole. Look how he pierced him and did not wait for him It quickly transforms like this partner without shame. Obviously, how to get in touch, it's _surprised_;he However, strong, continues Leave, turn and talk to him Mr. Gardner.Elizhahah can not, but not happy, can not victory.It is necessary to know that she has some There is no need to have a broken relationship.And more Beware of all people passing and fame in all environments Express, the words of his uncle, observing him Intellect, your taste or your good way. 

Speaking will soon be a fish;She heard Mr. Darcy invites him, has the largest civilization, where fishing I often choose when it continues to a neighbor. Fishing tools at the same time and provides fishing equipment Specify on the parts of the existing usual flow Most exercises.Missis cut in hand Elizabeth gave him a breathtaking miracle.Elizhet said No, but it is very satisfied;The compliment must be Everything for yourself.However, his surprise is extremely, and She continues to repeat: "Why does he change that? With! Keep going?Can not be _m_ - can not be _MY_ XEKE Therefore, her behavior was softened.I'm in gonsford guilt Inseparable action.It should be impossible He loves me too." 

After a walk, two ladies in front After decline, two gentlemen restored their places behind them. The River's Edge is better to check some Plant curious water accidentally changed. this Canada, which endeavored to fatigue In the morning, I found that the hands of Elizabeth are not enough to support and So I like her husband. Mr. Pope took his place. Prostitute him, gathered. After short silence, Lady said for the first time. She hopes he knows what happened. Before she got to this place and secured his absence Therefore, observation begins, his arrival was very bad Accident - "For your housewife," she added, "Tell us You will not be here tomorrow; actually, We understand that you are not even as we stop cooking. It is expected that it is in the country. He recognized the truth All this is told what happened to your home business. He sent a few hours a few hours in the rest of the party. He travelled. "They will join me early tomorrow" He continued, "including some people who will claim Familiar to you-Mr. Bing Lee and his sister. " 

Elizabeth is just a small bow to respond.Have the idea that there is The name of Mr. Binga returned during. This is the last among them; and if it can judge Your skin color, _this_ soul is not almost. 

"There is also a person at a party" - continues to seek Pause: "Who is most important to understand. You allow me, or I ask too much, I'll introduce my sister. How do you stay in the lamp?" 

Such application is very good; it is the same I am very happy for her to know your way of joining her. Now I feel that no matter the dash Familiar with her must be her brother, I do not see anymore, it's satisfactory; it's very satisfied To know that her resentment did not allow him to feel very sick. Is it over there. 

Now they are silent, and they are deeply thought out. Elizabeth is uncomfortable; it is impossible; but she Praise and happy.He is ready to introduce her sister. This is the maximum praise type.They quickly exceeded Others when they get the carriage, sir and lady. Half the branches in Gardner. 

He then allowed her to go to the house - but she declared her own Not tired, they are on the lawn.At the time Maybe it was said that the silence is very strange. I want to talk, but it seems that every embargo. Theme.Finally, she remembered that she traveled. They talked about Matlock and Pigeon Dale, very persistent. However, time and her aunt moves slowly - her patience and her thoughts Almost dressed before _text-to-tête_ ended. 

Mr. Cortaner and his wife are forced to go. Enter the house and enjoy the tea; but it is rejected, They separated each part with the most politeness.Dasha Feed a lady in the carriage; when it takes Elizabeth saw him slowly went to the house. 

His uncle and aunt began; and all They announced that he should be infinitely better than they Expected."He is very good, educated and Not significant, "said Uncle. 

"There is a small monument, you can be sure," Her aunt replied, "But it is limited to the air, not Nothing terrible.I can use the butler now, although some people People can call you pride, _I_ saw." 

"I've never been more surprised than your behavior. Not only civil; really carefully; not The need for this concern.It's familiar to Elizabeth Very trivial ". 

"Be sure, Lily," her aunt said, "He's not pretty cute. Wikim; or on the contrary, he had no vikhiby face because he The function is very good.But how do you tell me? Is it unpleasant? 

Elizabeth was shown; When they found him before the Kent team, they like it. She never saw him so happy this morning. 

"But maybe he can be a bit thoughtful by his side." Her uncle replied."Your great man many times; so I Do not give your words, because you can change your mind. Another day and warned my reason. " 

Elizabeth feels that they completely understood that. Personality, but nothing. 

"From what we see," continued Mrs. Cardlin: "I Really should not think he can express it Someone made by poor poor Wikima, cruel.It is not Inadequate.There are some legal things. When he says he said.There are still some kind of dignity On his face he will not give an unfavorable idea. Heart of him.However, to be sure, then show us your good lady. The house gave you the hottest paper!It's hard for me to help. Sometimes I'll laugh.But I think he's a liberal master, _That_ understands all virtue in the eyes of the servants." 

Does Elizabeth feel here to say something? Protect your behavior from Wickim; therefore, gave them To understand how she can save, what is it? She heard her behavior of the relationship between Kent Can be applied very different; then your character Never has a mistake, and the wick is so friendly because they have It is considered in hatefordshire.Together it is, she Related Money Transaction They already got in touch, the real name is not Power, but may depend on such permissions. 

Ms. Gardner was surprised and worried; but as they are now Near your nice prior scene, every idea is given Memories of Sharm; she too many to get involved Specify all the interesting places of your husband. Marcos think something else.She was exhausted Walking in the morning, they are so late than it begins. I'm looking for her prior knowledge at night. Several sexual communications after many people Standing year. 

Too much to have this day. Elizabeth pays close attention to these new friends; I can only think, and think of Mr. Miracle Civilization, and, more importantly, he wishes her to date And her sister. 

Elizabeth decided, Mr. dashi bring her sister. Return it after reaching PeterLee; and So I decided I did not see it. That morning. But his false conclusion; Why These visitors came to the morning after Lambton. their Some new friends went to the place, back just for the hotel, wear dinner Of the same family as the coach's voice took Window, saw a gentleman and a lady in driving outside. Elizabeth immediately realized the clothes, Guess what that means, and gives you a level of vacancy Surprisingly her relationship with her honor She is expected. His uncle and aunt surprised; and When she spoke, her shape, joined The environment in itself and the many situations The day I previously opened a new business idea. Not I have been asked before, but they do not think there is no Other methods, such as participation in other quarters Instead, it is assumed that your biased niece. this is Newborn Concept Transmits violations Your heads ELIZABETH's feelings are increasing every moment. Previously, she was It is surprising in herself control; but for other reasons Indifferent, she is afraid of fraternity preference should avoid Her favorite is awesome; but not just the ever In order to please, she naturally suspected, every pleasant force Disappoint it. 

She retreats from the window, afraid to see her I entered the room and tried to make me. It looks surprisingly in your uncle and aunt. Worse. 

Miss Daui appeared and his brother, this powerful Introduction occurred.There is an issue that Elizabeth saw Her new known at least as she herself. Since she was in Lanton, she heard that Miss Daxi Very proud; but watch for a few minutes Make sure it is very shy.I thought It is even difficult to exceed the mono cloth of the word around it. 

Miss Daxa is high, more than Elizabeth; and, Although more than 16, figure is formed and she Appearance woman and elegant.She is prettier than she is beautiful. Brother; but her face has feelings and humor, she Label is completely unmanned and gas.Elizhibet, which has It is expected to find a sharp and unlocked observer. Mr. Daxa reveals a lot Different feelings. 

Before Dasha tell her, they were not long ago a long time ago. Bingli is also waiting for this; she barely is time Express your satisfaction and prepare for these visitors Bingley's quick steps heard on the stairs, after a while Enter the room.All Elizabeth is very angry with him. Completed; however, she still feels someone, it's hard to stay Her land opposes unaffected proximity. Let you see it again.Invited a friendly Although this is a common path, after your family, look and talk He did the same sense of humor. 

Gardner and his wife are little interested. Characters instead of themselves.They wanted to see you for a long time.This one All the party in front of them, in fact, intensive attention excited.This one Mr. Dashi and his niece suspected Despite this, your observations The guard asked; they quickly recognized these investigations Vera, one of them knows something love. Miss does not doubt; but The gentleman is full of admiration, it is obvious. 

Elizabeth, in turn There are many things.Want to determine Feelings of each visitor; she wants to write her Exists and makes you feel happy; second Object, she is worried about the unsuccessful place, is the most confident thing Success, people who gave a happy man Prepayments in your favor.Gruz is ready to make Bingli Desire, Daxi is determined, I am happy. 

At the time of watching Binga, his idea flew out his sister; There! How long does she know if he's there? Administration is similar. Sometimes she can think of him Talk about less than before, once or twice Her own concept is similar to her, he looks at her, he works hard. Follow similarities. However, although it can be represented, but it I can not fool you in Dasha Miss Behavior Is set for a new competitor. I did not look at both sides. Special attention. Not them You can prove your sister's hopes. At the moment she is very fast Pleased; and two or three small situations occur They separated and counted on their anxious explanation. Recall Jane is not fully contest as well as desire He dares to say that you can take the most. He noticed when he spoke about her. Together, with much repentance, Is "for a long time because he is very happy to see Is it over there; "And before she can answer, he added," This is over eight Several months. From November 26, we do not find ourselves Everyone is dancing in Weetfield. " 

Elizabeth is very happy to open the memory with the same with precision; and he After that, I ran to someone who asked her. The rest, be _all_ her sisters in Longburn. There are not so many problems, and the contest is not; It seems a way to give them meaning. 

She does not usually hold her eyes at Mr. Daxa. Himself; However, she saw the time she saw. General symbolic expression and what he said I heard the focus of _Hautebr_ or despise her exclusion. Crowned, confident that his improvement She witnessed yesterday, but there is a temporary existence. This can prove that at least one day the actual situation. When she saw him I am looking for friends and persecution of people of praise Any sexual exchange will be for several months I'm ashamed-when she saw her civil her, not only for himself, but He is publicly negligent relations and remembers Of her last animated scene in Pastor Gonsford-Differences- The change is so good in her mind, she She is practically unable to inhibit surprised. Never, Even in Verffield dear friends, or your Relationship of dignity, she saw him so desire Please free yourself on self-dependency or irregular reserves, such as Now that your success is impossible Efforts, even familiar with the acquaintances of these people Please note that precautions will attract ridicule and Condering Wellfield and ladies in singing. 

His visitors remained half an hour;when they Mr. Lettse called her sister to join him. Express them want to see Mr. Kadner and Miss Bannet, Dinner in Penberli, before we left this country. Miss Daui, although there is a difficulty, observing it Invitation invitation, easy to obey.Missis Cardlin Looking at the niece, she seeks to know how _he_, which The most related invitations to feel the adoption But Elizabeth turned.However, let's say This study avoids the rays and temporary embarrassment. Instead of any disgusting offer, which is visible in your husband She loves this society, is perfect acceptance, she Adventure to participate and the next day after the next This is corrected. 

Babay expresses a lot of fun, seeing confirmation Vista. Elizabeth again, there is still a lot of negotiation for her. Many asked Hatfordshire friends after graduation. Elizabeth, explain all this as a desire to hear it Her sister is very happy and in this account, and some Others, end when your visitors leave them, Despite this, given the last half hour satisfaction Although pass, it is very little. One person, I'm afraid that your uncle is relaxed or implicated Auntie, she remained only around them, can hear them only Praise binga, then put it. 

But she has no reason to worry about Mr. Gardiner and curiosity of the lady; Do not expect them to strengthen your communication. She is more familiar with Mr. Dasha, not about them For any idea; very obvious, he loved very much And she's with her.They saw many interesting things, but no evidence to ask. 

Mr. Daxi is now a challenge; As far as your acquaintances are concerned, they are not mistaken. They can not be touched in their politeness;They are drawn Their own feelings and their character report on employees, No references to any other account, circle Hatford, Hateford, will not recognize it. Mr. dashhi.onnako now is an interest Housekeeper;They will soon become reasonable Of the fourteen years he knew servants servers. What name shows respect, do not rush He refused.I did not happen Your friends Lanton can reduce weight. They can blame you, but are proud;He can be proud Since, if not, the resident will certainly be accused Small market city, the family does not attend.It is However, the recognition that he is liberal and made a lot. Poor very good. 

About the week, travelers soon found you Not realized in a special evaluation; although its director. With the son of his cartridge, fear is not fully understood, His name was not this in his departure from Derbishire he He left many debts behind him, after Mr. Darcy Unloaded. 

As for Elizabeth, your idea is in Hong Kong tonight. More than the previous one; And night, but it conveys Looks very long, not enough to determine your feelings On a_; She slept for two hours. Work hard to get out. She, of course, did not hate. Not; I've already disappeared for a long time, it's almost a long time. I'm ashamed, I feel like you do not like it. Turn on. Respect your valuable conviction Quality, although it does not want to recognize it, there are some Time is no longer a disgust for it; and now Through evidence, the friendly nature is aggravated to some extent So happy and present your character So much light friendly yesterday. But it's important Respect and respect, there is a motivation in your heart Goodwill, you can not ignore. Thanks; Thank you, not only because I loved her, but for love. She is still enough to forgive all panic and invasiveness She refused her way, as well as all unfair accusations Accompany her deviation. She is convinced Avoid as your biggest enemy, it seems in this accident Meeting, the more desiring to protect family people, not Cheat indicates any specialty His only two concerns, begging advantages. Friend opinion and flexing her knowledge. eldest sister. So many not only drivers Incredible, but with gratitude - for love, love, love, must be Assignment; And her impression is a kind of Encourage, although it does not do it without solution Fully defined. She respects, she respects, she is very grateful He, I am interested in her welfare; She just wants I wonder how far she hopes to have her own good. How happy she must be happy? Rental power her imagination it tells her, she still has, Bring her to resume her address. 

This solved the night between the aunt. Prostitute, this type of opening division is similar to Miss Daxi arrived. I saw them that day when she reached by, because she had Although she just arrives at breakfast, he should imitate. Can not be equal to them somewhere in their seats Side; therefore, it will be very lucrative Waiting for the next morning in Pemberley.They have, So go.El.bet is very happy; although she asked She's hardly response. 

Mr. Gardner left them as soon as possible after breakfast.Bars Already resumed before and positive participation Before at noon, he met a little kind. 

Chapter 45. 

Just like Elizabeth Persresters now, Miss Binging does not like her. Initially, she can not, but feel like The appearance of unwanted pens should be her, and this You know more curious that there is more than one side of the lady. Akagians will now last. 

When they arrived at home, they showed through the hallway. Hall, Northern aspects make summer a nice summer. Your window is open to the ground, recognizing the brighter View of high wooden mountain behind house too Beautiful Oak and Spanish Chestnuts Intermediate lawn. 

In this house they were greeted by Miss Daxa, he was sitting. Mrs. Hearst and Miss Bin Gregor and who She lives in London.Georgia is very People, but as all embarrassment, all embarrassment It's easy and afraid to do something wrong. Give people who feel they forced their faith Pride and booked.However, Mrs. Gardner and her niece, He made his righteousness and sorry for her. 

Mrs. Hest, Miss Bingley, they only got noticed Reverence; and, look at them, pause, confuse Pause should always be a time of success.This is the first After Mrs. Annesh broke the woman, she looks like a very happy woman. Representing some kind of speech to prove that she More reliable than others; She and Mrs. Gardner, sometimes help Elizabeth. Let's say.Miss Dauway looks like her hope Courage is enough to join her; sometimes risks When the danger is heard, a short phrase. 

Elizabeth quickly saw his attention Bingley, she can not say the word, especially lost Daxa, do not call her attention.This will not be observed Let her try to talk to the last because they He did not sit at an uncomfortable distance;But she is not Sorry, I have to leave the need for prier.y the idea Contract it.She is anxious for some point Mr. will enter the room.Wait, she's worried. The master of the house may be in them;And she expects Or the very fear is that it can hardly determine. So I did not hear Bentley Miss for an hour. Sound, Elizabeth received a cold request After your home at home.It meets equality Indicate and concise, the other no longer said. 

The following amendment provided by access is generated. Entrance of servants and cold meat, cakes and all kinds of all kinds The best fruit in the season; but this did not happen Many important performances and smiles at Mrs. Anneshley Miss Daui Dali, remembering her post. Today, all the party - although they can not Speak, they can eat; beautiful grape pyramids, Nectarine, peaches quickly collected at the table. 

Although it is engaged, Elizabeth has a fair opportunity to solve She is more afraid or hopes to be Mr. Appearance. Dadi, he was sent to the room in the room; But before she thinks of her desire To dominate, it starts to appear. 

He has a time period with Mr. Kederer, two or three Other men from home, the rivers are involved in rivers and have Just left your research while the family ladies Take the morning in the morning in Georgia. He is late Elizabeth Minery, the decision is completely easy and crazy; Resolution is more needed, but perhaps not It is easier to save because you saw this suspicion. The whole party wakes up for them, and I almost did not look at him for the first time, watching his behavior. Enter the room. In the case without a face, this is a careful heart. Despite the smile, watching Miss Charlie Her face whenever she talks to a person An object; Because he did not allow despair, and she Daxa's attention never ends. Miss Daui, in her The entrance of the brothers put more negotiations as well Elizabeth saw that he was worried about his sister and herself Family and ahead as much as possible, all attempt In any conversation. Miss Bingli saw all this Similar; And in anger, the first There is an opportunity to laugh at civilization: 

"Pray, Miss Eliza, it is not - the district police have been removed Makson?They should be a huge loss of family _ Youur_." 

In the existence of Darcy, she did not dare to mention the name Vid; but Elizabeth immediately realized that he was the highest in him. I thought; All kinds of memories he has contacted It's painful; But hard to work If you are different from attack, she is now answering the question. Touverabal disassembly tone. When she speaks, she is not voluntarily. Show her, intense skin grows, and looks sincere. About her her sister overcomes chaos and can not overcome Lift your eyes. Miss Bingli knows his pain I'll give me each other, she will undoubtedly take. Of the tip; But she just intends to hate Elizabeth through the introduction of a person's ideas I believe it part, let it betray sensitive Can damage it in Darcy's opinion, maybe reminder Some of the most recent and funny Her family is connected with the army. No syllable I reached for her durable jazz meditation. Not Besides Elizabeth; Contact your brother of all Bentley Especially in a hurry to hide it, very desi Elizabeth is assigned to him for a long time. I'll go later. Must have formed this plan too Does not make sense, it should affect your efforts to separate He's from Miss, who can add something Warm up concern about the social security of your friend. 

However, Elizabeth collects behavior, so quiet and her behavior Emotion; and as Charlie, problems and disappointment, dare The load is also approaching the week. Although this is not enough to speak.The brother, She is afraid to see her eyes, almost no interest in her interest. In symptoms, as well as a very Transformation of her thoughts, Elizabeth seems to repair them She is more and happy. 

After Q & A and the answer, your access did not last long. Is mentioned above;Although DASHA is involved in your Miss Bincal dismissed her feelings when you criticize. Elizabeth people, behavior and clothes.But Georgina does not Join her.Offering her brother enough to make sure she Profitable;Her judgment may not be wrong.He said he said Elizabeth conditions to leave the load without power Find in other ways, not cute and good.On here Return to the Hall, Miss Bincal can not appeal He's part of her sister. 

"Miss Elizabenate, this morning, Mr. Daxa, more and more," She cried; "I've never seen anyone in my life, changed. Winter.She grows so brown and rude!Louise and I agree that we should not know him." 

However, Himoshan Darcy Daddy may already like this address, he Satisfied in calm, he has no other person. The change is quite mysterious than she, the miracle is not Consequences travel in the summer. 

"On my own part," she retreated - I have to admit that never You can see a beautiful beauty.Her face is very thin; her skin color No fame; your function is not beautiful. The nose or the paper - its lines do not have tags. Tolerant teeth, but not in common ways; Your eyes are sometimes called very well, I will never go See some unusual.They are sharp, Pitz Look, I like everything; in your air there There is no elegant self-sufficiency, it is unbearable." 

Miss Din Lee - Elizabeth, Din Lee, Without offering its best; but more people Not always wise; in the end, he looks a little. Inetled, it is expected to succeed.Firmly However, silence and determination, let him speak, She continued: 

"I remember when we met her in Herrtford, so surprising We all think it's a famous beauty; and I Especially in them, I have always reminded myself of your proverb. In Netherfield '_ She_ayudy!- I'll call her soon Murcha Mother.But then she seems to improve you, I I believe you think she's beautiful again." 

"Yes," Darcy replied that they do not love each other, but _Tha_ only when I saw it for the first time, because it was a few months I think she's one of my positive women. knowledge." 

Then he left, Miss Bingley left everything Let him say he does not give any satisfaction Pain, but it is. 

Ms. Gardner and Elizabeth say about everything that happened. During his visit, they separated from This is especially interested and behavior In addition to the discussion of all who see, in addition to the discussion Basically, they are involved in your attention.They talked about his sister, Your friend, your house, your fruit - besides yourself; Elizabeth seeks to understand the idea of Mrs. Cardina, Ms. Gardner will be very satisfied with his prostitute. Start the topic. 

Chapter 46. 

Elizabeth did not find a very upset place - good trade. Jane's letters for the first time arrive in Lammbon; and this Disappointing that every morning updated I was there now; but at the end of the third rental will end, and Her sister is protected when she receives her two letters As soon as one of them is marked as perseverance Somewhere else.How abbreviated, Elizabeth is no surprise. The direction is very painful. 

They will only be ready to walk, because these letters come; Your uncle and aunt allow her to enjoy them in silence Through yourself.You must first participate in one; Drive five days ago.Account containing account All of them have such news The state is supplied; but half of the part, the date will be dated Later, and used an obvious excitement, give more important Intellect.This effect: 

"Since the above situation is that some things happened most dear Lizzy. The most unexpected and serious nature; but I'm afraid Shocking is that we are all very well. What I mean Take poor Lydia. Express delivery last night, only As we all sleep in the school of receipt, let's know She picked up one of her officers in Scotland; The truth is, with Uikhamom! Imagine our surprise. Go to the cat, However, it seems, is not unexpected. I'm very I'm very sorry. As the two sides are not careful! But I'm ready I hope that her personality misunderstood. It is easy to believe in it without meaning and uncertainty, but Steps (let's happy) Marking Heart is not good. your Choice is not interested because he should know that my father can there is nothing. Our sad mother sad repentance. my dad Tolez better. I'm grateful, we never let them know What does this tell him; We have to forget that. their About twelve nights on Saturday night as guessing, but Until yesterday did not lose eight points. Express Turn directly. Dear Lizzy, they should go through a period of ten years Our mileage. Colonel Foster, let's right to look forward here. coming soon. Lydia left some lines for his wife, telling him his wife. intention. I must conclude, because I can not grow even more of my poor. Mother. I'm worried that you can not understand it, but I I do not know what to write. " 

Do not let yourself think about it and almost not I know she feels that Elizabeth completed this letter. Send another and open it in the biggest way Impatience, read the following: The first conclusion. 

"When I, my dear sister, you hurried Letter, I hope it is more reasonable, but although not While my head is very confused, I can not answer For consistent. Dear slang, I hardly know I will Writing, but I have bad news for you, she can not be delayed. As Mr. Wicker and marriage of our poor laredia I will, we are ready to make sure what happened, For many reasons are concerned that they were not Scotland. Foster came yesterday, leaving Brighton The day before, he does not express many hours. Although this is Lidia Give you a text message to my wife to find out Go Green Grenet, Denny Expression is discarded His faith, V. plan never go there, or if the case larédia Fundamentally, he repeats F., who immediately takes Notification B. Planning their routes. He did Easy to trace the Clapéham, but no more; This is the place, they removed the Hacney coach and released Epsom loungers. All you know later Yes, they are considered to continue London Road. I have no idea What do you think. After making any request possible London, f. The colonel is included in Hartfordshire, updated eagerly They are in all stores selling in Binte Hotel and restaurants Hartfield, but there is no success - there is no such person sees it. go through. When he came to longangs of kindness in And do not worry the most reliable way his heart. I honestly do not give him and f., But not sad You can blame them. Our pain, dear lizzy, very Fine. My father and mother believe the worst, but I can not think about it. This is a patient. Many things can make you more qualified They are in private wedding, not the first to pursue their first Plan even if _HE_ can form a design for young Lydia contact women, it is unlikely, I can think What she will lose everything? impossible! I'm sad, I discovered The Colonel F. does not match the marriage, he When I expressed hope shook his head and said he was worried that W. Does not trust himself. My poor mother is very sick but Keep her room. It can be applied, it will be better, but It's unpredictable. And my father, I've never been to me. Life makes its influence. Rage poor kitten belonging Has its attachment, but since this issue has certainly A person can not think about it. I am very happy, dear, you have Flexible these painful scenes, but now, for example, At the end of the first shock, I have my return? However, I am not so selfish because it presses uncomfortable. To the next! I grabbed the handle again to do something that I have. Tell me that I will not, but the situation is I can not seriously, everyone comes here. possible. I know dear uncle and aunt, I do not I'm afraid to ask him, although it still has more. To the previous question. My father is going to London. The fordster immediately tried to find it. He means what I mean I believe I do not know, but excessive pain will not allow it. Conduct any measures with the best and heads Bust is bound to become Brighton tomorrow night. exist Such insurance, uncle and assistance Everything in the world, he will understand me immediately I have to feel that kind of him to trust. " 

"Oh, where is my uncle?"Elizabeth shouted, flying there. When she finished this letter, she sat down, and she sought to follow him. She did not lose a precious moment;But just like her She reached the door that opened a servant, Mr. Dashi He appeared.Is a pale face and a way of pulse to start and Before he can restore his own words, she is in the heart Each idea was replaced by the situation in the ladies. I screamed, "Please, forgive, but I have to leave you. I have to find him. Mr. Gardiner at this time about business that can not be postponed; There are no instant losses. " 

"Good God! Is there anything?" He exclaimed, he feels more. Educated; then remember: "I will not stop it. Minutes; but let me or give the servants at Mr. and Ms. .. Gardner.You're not good enough; you can not. " 

Elizabeth hesitated, but her knees shook underneath her. Feel that some of them are trying to pick them up. Though calling the servant, she entrusted him Leave almost ignorant, as it is so uncertain Take a master and a lover immediately. 

In the room where he stopped smoking, she sat down and could not stand. It seems so regrettable, Darcy is impossible Leave it or avoid talking to a soft tone Sorry, "Let me call your maid. You have nothing. Is it relief?Glass of wine; I'm looking for you One?You are sick. 

"No, I thank you," she replied, trying to recover. " "I do not have a relationship. I'm fine; I just Some terrible news are saddened, I just understood. Longburn ". 

When she froze, she tears and a few more minutes. I can not say another word. Just prevent your attention and see it In the heart of sympathetic silence.She made a statement again."I just There is a simple speech, there is such a terrible message.You may Hidden on someone's sister left her man. Friends - were performed;Play yourself in force Mr. Wickme.They left Brighton._ You know him Pause.No money, no contact, Nothing can make you seduce him - she's never lost. 

Darcy was surprised to fix."When I think, she joined A more exciting voice, "_ I_, maybe stopped! _ _ _ _ Who knows he.I, but I explain some parts Just part of my research for my family! Characters are well known that it is impossible.But that It's too late." 

"I'm very sad," Daxa shouted; "Sad shocked. But yes Approval - Absolutely confirmation?" 

"Oh, they left Brighton on Sunday night, Date back to London, but do not exceed; they are definitely ne. Go to Scotland." 

"What was completed, I tried recovery Is it over there?" 

"My father went to London, she wrote to me, begging me. Direct assistance to the uncle; we must leave, I hope in half an hour.But there's nothing to do - I know very well Nothing can do.How does this person work?Like Did they even find it?I do not have little hope.This one Each way is terrible!" 

Darcy shook his head in silent harmony. 

"When _My_ eyes are open to your real role - o! I know I owe I dare to do!But I do not know - I'm scared Make a lot.Included, bad mistake!" 

Darcy has no answer.It's hard for him to hear In serious meditation, I approached the room, his eyebrows It is mixed with somber.The library was seen quickly. Immediately understand.They are strong shells;all _Must_ Such as the decrease in family weakness, then the guarantee The deeper shame is not strange and does not condemn, but Your self-promoting convictions have brought something wrong His hands, no pain painful.This is in On the contrary, just calculate, let her understand To wish;She's never so honest, she can have When all love must be in vain, love him now. 

But I, though he falls into a dilemma, but can not look at her. Lydia - Humiliation, she brought everyone's pain In the near future, each private assistance;and cover her face Her scarf, Elizabeth will soon lose anything else; And in a few minutes the revision Her partner's voice feels her situation than in a Although it is sympathy, the same The restriction said: "I worry that you are long. Absent, there is no excuse, but Really, although there is no doubt.What will be done in heaven? Can be said or completed in this part that I can provide The consolation is so painful!But I will not get you. Desires are useless, it seems to be significant to ask you. This crumpled thing will worry me, stop my sister I see you at Hotel Hong Kong on the same day." 

"Oh yes. It's so kind to our Miss Doxes. Emergency vendors are immediately called from our home.Help Unfortunate, although it is possible, I know you can not great." 

It's easy to keep it; once again your sadness For your pain, I hope it is happier than that. There is a reason to wait and leave praise for her Relationships, just a serious, broken appearance, walk. 

When he enters the room, Elizabeth thinks They should see again see the intimate conditions on the other side As well as the District Meeting of Debi; as it is All eyes on them Acacia, so full of contradictions and varieties, sighs These degenerations that are now promoting these feelings Continues to exist, which will be restored in it. termination 

If you thanked, and respect is a good emotional basis, Elizabeth emotional changes is impossible nor mistake. But otherwise if you jump from these sources, it Irrational or non-natural, is often Described in the first interview with the object Even before the two words are exchanged, nothing to say. Your protection, in addition to your tests The last method is in the confilation of Wickim, it hurts Perhaps success can allow you to look at others An interesting application. Just like this, where he saw him. With repentance; In this early start Example Lydia Imana It is necessary to produce, find additional pain, because it reflects Poor business. Never, like reading a second simple, there are It helps life marrying her average. nobody However, she thinks it can make it easier for yourself. I expect. The surprise is her influence on him. Develops. Although the content of the first letter still exists The idea of ​​her, she is very surprised - all incredible weekem You should marry an impossible girl, he can get married Qian; As a Lead can in love with him It is hard to understand. But now it's very natural. For such a person This application, it can have enough charm; although She does not assume that Lydia has pleasure no elommers does not have a married intention, it is not It's hard to believe that it's not even her virtue and her. Of course it is easy prey free. 

She was never discovered and Legion in Hatfordshire, Lydia trends him; but she believes Lydia just wants to induce anyone else. Sometimes there is officer, sometimes another person, has always been loved, Because her attention highlights her opinion.More feelings Continuous oscillations, but they never have an object.This one Mystery ignores and misleading indulgence Girl - Oh!She is now more sensitive! 

She's crazy at home, look, look. Caution and Jane now you should fall completely She, in a crazy family, there is no father, mother can not walk Tired, you need permanent service; Although it is almost Convincing lidia, your uncle can do something Intervention seems more important until it enters She is a very serious impatient room. Mr. Gardner and you have Hurry for the alert, suppose the reports of the servant Fathers are suddenly sick; But I immediately met them In this head, convey your reasons. Examine, read loudly two letters and live Last label with tremor energy. - Although Lydia has Never be loved her, Mr. Gardner and Mrs. But he is deeply surprised. No lisage, but everything is not Inside; After the first surprise and horror, Mr. Gardner promises several promotions of his power. Elizabeth, Although I look forward to a lot, thank you tears; All three are dedicated to all Your journey is quickly determined. They should leave Urgently. "But what about Penfalli?" Mrs. Card. John tells us that Mr. Dashi is here when you send it. We; What's that? " 

"Yes, I told him that we should not be able to maintain interaction."_What_ is solved." 

"This is solved;"When she ran aside, I repeated another Prepare a room."This is a term for her Reveal the real truth?Oh, I know what he's going on!" 

But the blessing is useless, or at least you can only hear it. In a hurry and confused for the next hour.Elizet When it is free, she will still be sure All employees can not be as unfortunate as it;but She has her business participation and her aunt too Do not write to all her friends? Lambleton, false justification of a sudden game.One hour, However, any complete;And Mr. Gardner. Installing your hotel account, there is nothing yet Full, but go;and Elizabeth, because the pain In the morning I met, shorter your time. Already sits on transportation, on the road Longburn. 

Chapter 47. 

"I thought about it, Elizabeth," his uncle said, When they go from the city;"In fact, seriously I think I'd rather judge more than judgment Your older sister did it on this.This is so You can not form this design for any young man. Never be protected or friendly girlfriend who is I really stay in my colonel, I'm very strong. Is better wait.He can wait for your friend. One step?He can realize again Was the group offended for the adoptive school? The temptation is not enough!" 

"Do you really think about it?" Elizabeth crying and lit time. 

"According to my words," said Mrs. Gardner: "I began to be yours. Uncle's opinion.It's really too big to interrupt the opposite behavior. Honor and interest made it guilty.I can not think so. Very sick lives.You can, lazy, so I'll give it to him. Do I believe he has the ability? 

"It is possible to ignore my interest; but Ignore I can believe that it has the ability.In fact, if it should be like this! But I do not dare wait.If they want to continue Scotland That's it?" 

"First," Mr. Gardner replied, "It's not absolute Prove that they were not for Scotland." 

"O! But they removed from the holiday chair in Hacney coach This is estimated!Also, there are no tracks Found on Bart Road." 

"Well, then - to assume them in London. They may be there Although it is secret, no more special Target.Money should not be very rich Any side; you can reach them, they can be more Economically, although quickly, but the wedding in London, and not In Scotland. " 

"But why all this privacy? Why are they afraid to test? Personal wedding? Oh no, no - it's unlikely. your Most friends, you saw the account of Jane, convinced He would never marry her. Wickme never marries a Woman without any money. He can not afford it. And which application With Limia - reveals young, health and good landmark Mood can leave it, because of it, refuse each possibility Get married to extract? Contention is Shame on the body can play Without flash memory and she, I can not judge; for me Regardless of whether an impact of an effect. but As for other objections, I am afraid, it is hardly terpeat. Lydia has no advancing brothers; he can imagine The behavior of my father, of his laziness and small Pay attention to the fact that it seems to be progress. Your family that _HE_ considers as little as possible About this, because all parents can do this. " 

"But you may think that Lydia is so lost, but love He agreed with any conditions that would agree with him Wedding?" 

"It seems like this is the most shocking," answer Elizabeth, tears tears ", sister feels Recognize you and virtue about this form.But In fact, I do not know what to say.Maybe I do not do it. justice.But she is very young;She never taught. Think of a serious subject;In the last half year, NAI, to Twelve Monsters - She does nothing, just entertainment and Just stirring.And allowed to work longer. Floating path of leisure and light, and take comments Path of it.With since then it was the first quarter of Madonna. Besides love, flirting and official, without love, nor. She thought and thought Let's talk about this topic, give more - what can I call? Emotionality for it;It's naturally alive He arrives.We all know Wickm has a person's charm. And you can make a woman's address." 

"But you see Jane," she said, "Do not think so. Wickhouse discomfort believes he can try." 

"Is there a disease in Jane? Who is there, no matter how It can be her before her behavior, she will think her skill Is it to try until it is proven?Simple Knowing, and what I did, Weekee is really that.Like He was in different words; he has I do not respect sincerity; it is false and misleading Because he suggests." 

"Do you really know that?" Who shouted a lady who? She is curious about her intelligence model. 

"I'm really true," "Elizabeth, coloring.""I told you, In other days he has the preliminary behavior of Mr. Daxi; When you continue Longburn, I heard you say. People with this patience and freedom For him.I do not have other situations. This is not worth it when contact;But your lies All people Hong Kong is infinite.He said Darcy, I was completely ready to see pride, booking, Nasty girl.However, he knows this is contrary to others. Know that it's as good as we find. Is it over there." 

"But did not Lydia know that? What can not mean?" You and that seem to understand? 

"Oh yes! - This is the worst. I'm going to Kent, I saw the mix and your relationship Fitzwilliam, I'm ignorant of ignorance.When I Go home, - County leaves Malton or Two weeks.So, like Jane In the appropriate case, I did not think we need. Knowledge of the public;Because it can be obvious One, good comments from neighbor have So then go?Even if it was solved Lydia should go with Ford to open her need Eyes never happened to her personality.It might be You will present my mind of any risk of cheating. As _Te_ can follow the results, you can easily believe It's far enough from my thoughts." 

"When they are removed in Brighton, you have no reason I think I believe they love each other? 

"No lighter. I remember the symptom of this feeling. Any side;Everything sad, you I have to understand that our family is not a family. Throw away.When he first entered the legion, she was ready. Enough to admire him;But we are all.I have a girl close or close Maine Don left his sense of sensitivity in the first two months; But he never differed with special attention. Therefore, in luxury luxury and In admiration, she passes the way to her fantasy, others The army arrived again, becoming again. Favorites ". 

It can be easy to reckon, but little news Added to his fear, hope and hypothesis Interesting topic, through various discussions, no other opportunity Always leave throughout the trip. The idea of Elizabeth never absent.Is it over there All painful and autoscientist people, without interval Easy or forgotten. 

They travel as soon as possible, sleep On the road at night, dinner arrived a long time ago. Elizabeth believes that this is comfortable comfort. I was very tired for a long time. 

Little Caudenas lying in the chair hall When they enter the courtyard, stand on the house; In addition, when carriage discs for the door, happy surprises Your face and shows your own on them. The whole body, in several rosy hips and hair style, is the first Nice welcome. 

Elizabeth jumped; and after they ran Kiss, ran on the pass, Jane, who came From her mother's apartment, I met her immediately. 

Elizabeth, because she kissed her gently, although tears Fill the eyes of two, they did not lose request Someone heard about the fugitives. 

"While yet" Jane replied."But now my dear uncle, I I hope everything is fine. " 

"Is this father of the city?" 

"Yes, he was on Tuesday, just as I wrote." 

"Do you usually hear that?" 

"We've only heard twice. He wrote several lines on Wednesday. He said he had arrived safely and gave me. Indicates that I am especially begging.Only Additional say he should not write again while he has something Please note that you mention." 

"And my mother is she? How are you?" 

"My mother is impossible, I believe; although her spirit Threw a ladder, she'll be very satisfied. I see you.She did not leave her locker room.Tide And kittens, thank you, sky, very good." 

"But you - how are you?" Elizabeth cried."Your face is pale. You must try it!" 

However, his sister guarantees that she is perfectly good; and His conversation, although Mr. And you passed Gardner participates in his children, now he finishes Throughout the method.Jain ran to his uncle and Aunt, welcome and thank you, alternative smiles And tears. 

When they are all in the living room, problem Elizabeth already asked for the course Others, they quickly discovered that there is no wisdom Do not give less, I hope boring is good, see Heart her says she did not let her; she is still It is expected that all this ends and is every morning. Bring some letters from Lydia or her father to explain Her process may have announced your wedding. 

Mrs. Bantte, who fixed everything, had an apartment? Minutes to talk together, accepting them completely Expected; with tears and repentance, pay for tribute Behavior of evil against Weekem, as well as your complaint Your own suffering and use; explode all, but for this man Who judges abuse, her daughter's mistake must Basically because of that. 

"If I have the capacity," she said, "Bring my point of view." Brighton, the whole family, _this_ will not happen;but Dear Purple, no one cares about her.Because is? Falls, let it out of sight?I believe there is Some great niculi or others end up being close to them because it is not If it's very good, then do this thing Rear.I always thought they were very uncomfortable charged Is it over there;But I was amazed, just as I was the same.Children Rused!Participatory Now is Mr. Bennes disappeared, I know he will fight Wikim, no matter where he finds him, he will be killed and What we have?Collins will change us Before cooling, if you are not kind, Brother, I do not know what we have to do." 

Everyone opposes such an excellent idea; mr.Gardner, In general, it is usually guaranteed for her and all her feelings. Family telling her what he means in London, he is located in London. And will help Bain's efforts in restoration Lydia. 

"Do not let useless alert," he added; "Although it is correct For the worst drug, there is no chance to watch Clean.This is not a week, from the left brighton.r We can get some news in a few days; until we know They are not married, no design and marry, Let's lose things.However, I arrived at the city Should go to my brother let go home to give me Street gracechurch; so we can consult with To complete." 

"O! Dear brother," The answer "Bunker" is what it is? I better bless.You now, when you go to the city, find They can get anywhere;If they are not married Already, _Make_ they were married.And wedding wear, no Let them wait, but tell Lydia, she must have After they are gestures, she chooses to buy her money.With the participation, The most important thing is that Mr. Benat continued to fight against the battle.Let him say that I'm afraid to scare my wisdom - There is a dynamic, such a tremor, throughout the opinion - this paralysis By my side, in my thoughts, beating my heart, then I can relax at night, without day.And tell me, dear Lydia I saw some direction in relation to my clothes before I saw myself. Because she does not know what the best warehouse is.But brother, You have more friends!I know you will form everything." 

But Mr. Gardner, though he wanted her seriously. Career efforts can not avoid recommendations For her, her hope is her fear; and after talking to him She left everything like this until lunch at the table. She was all her feelings in a man who visited her. Not her daughter. 

Although his brothers and sisters are convinced The real case of family isolation, they are not Trying to resist this because they know she is not careful Waiting for it enough to keep the tongue in front of the servant. In the judgment of the table _one_ only family, People who can believe at most they should understand that they are all Fear and begging this problem. 

In the dining room, they quickly joined Mary and Katie, who Already very busy to participate in their independent apartments They used their previous vision.Stay from her, the other of your book From your bathroom.However, the faces of these two are allowed. Calm;In addition to loss, anyone can see any changes. Your favorite sister or your own anger More angry in this business Usually for accent katie.This is due to Mary, she is a lover. Enough to whisper elizabeth, man Serious reflection, after they sit in the form will soon be: 

"This is the bad thing, there will be a lot Said.But we must contain malicious tendencies and pour it into The wound bone marrow stimulated a single botanical garden from each other. " 

So in Elizabeth, I'm not inclined to answer, she In addition, "the parties should be unhappy with Lydia, we can extract from it. This is a useful course: virtues in women Irrational; the false step includes endless ruins; His reputation is not very fragile with a beautiful reputation; She can not protect much from her behavior. Not worthy of half the other side." 

Elizabeth raises her eyes, but too much Be oppressed to make any response.However, Mary continues the console She learned this moral extraction of evil. her. 

In the afternoon, Berna two elderly people can become They are half an hour;Use Elizabeth. I have the opportunity to earn a lot of order, it's Jane Also a desire to satisfy Scared and continued that Elizabeth is considered affirmative and Miss Bennet Unlike absolutely impossible, the first continues Topic, - but tell me everything and everything about it I did not hear it.Leave me more detailed information.Which According to Colonel of the Colonel?They did not care about anything Before grew up?They should have seen them together forever." 

"Foster colonies that they usually doubt Bias, especially in Lydia, but he has nothing to give Any notice.I really hurt you!His behavior is very careful And a good maximum.It's _was_ come to us to be sure Before he has no disappearance, our attention In Scotland: When prison is the first abroad, it is hastily His journey." 

"And Danny believes that the weekend is not married? Do you know if they will leave?Some of the receptions see Danny Himself?" 

"Yes; however, Danny is rejected when he is questioned _Him_ Any places of his plans will not give you true opinions about this.He did not repeat Wedding - and _that_, I try I hope he can have It was misunderstood. " 

"While Foster did not come to school, none of you I suspect, I think they're really married?" 

"How does this idea come into our brain? I'm a little embarrassing - a little afraid of my sister's happiness With him in marriage because I know what his behavior is not It was always correct.My father and my mother do not know What; they feel how to unzip should be careful.Satty You have, naturally to know more than others In our she did it in the last letter of Lydia. Step.She feels that they seem to fall in love with everyone. Other weeks." 

"But not before going to Brighton?" 

"No, I believe there." 

"Foster does not think this is your own wickame thinking? Does he know he's really a character? 

"I have to admit that he does not say how the weekend I did it before.He believes he is not careful and extravagant. Since this sad incident, he told him. Let Meng Don Big Duty; but I hope this can be fake." 

"Oh, Jenny, if we're secretly no secret, we tell us to know It is impossible! 

"Maybe it's better," answered her sister."But If not the knowledge of your predecessor The current feeling seems irrational.We act Best intention ". 

"Foster can repeat the precautions of Lydia His wife?" 

"He brought him, let's see." 

Then Jane took from the manual book and gave him Elizabeth. This is the content: 

"Dear Harid, "When you know I left, you'll laugh, I can not help Tomorrow I laughed tomorrow morning, I'm surprised. I lost. I'm going to Gretna Green, if you can not guess Who, I'll think you're a fool, because there's still a person In the world I love, he is an angel. I'll never be happy. Without him, he thinks he does not harm. You do not need to send If you do not like it, they will be at the Dragon Fort. When I write and sign, I'm surprised. My name is Wicks Lydia. "It will be a good joke! I can I almost do not laugh. Pray for my excuse to be uncomfortable Keep participating, dancing with him at night. Tell him I hope he knows that all people will forgive me; Tell him I go We met on the next ball and dancing, very happy. Generation When I come to Longber, I have to send my clothes; But I wish you I would say Sally to repair a large gap in the growing clothes I work. Before being packed. Goodbye. Let my colonel love Strong. I hope you can drink on our good journey. 

"Your intimate friend "Lydia Bennet". 

"O! There are no meaningless thoughts about leiding!" When she exclaimed Elizabeth Completed."What lyrics are, they write like this. Time!But at least it points to _she_ to relate to this seriously Her journey.Evestly, what does he convince? She is not shame _Scheme _ beside her.Excuse me Dad!He must feel it!" 

"I've never seen anyone, so shocks. He can not speak All ten minutes.My mother immediately preached and The whole house is so confused! 

"Jane", "Crying Elizabeth" - this belongs to him servants. Who did not understand the whole story before the end of the day?" 

"I do not know. I hope that there is. But to be protected by people Time is very difficult.My mother is hysterically, although I Strive to give her help in my strength, I worry I do not do this, just like what I did!But what horror You can enter to enjoy my department. " 

"Los Angeles!" Kitty replied, "It seems that this man is the same. And he was together. Mr. This is what his name is. Take tall and proud people. " 

"Good goodness! Dashi! I'm like this, I swear. Well, any Mr. Binley will always be welcome and can confirm; But I must say that I hate his vision. " 

Looking at incredible Elizabeth. She knows They felt at a meeting of respondents, so they felt I have to participate in her sister, I almost see him. For the first time after receiving your explanatory letter. Two all Sisters are uncomfortable. Everyone feels different and Of course, by itself; her mother is talking to her I do not like Mr. Daxa, and determination of it is just for your civil Like Mr. Binga, he's not heard for one. But Elizabeth is not easy to source Jane suspect, she never adventures courage Mrs. Cortaner, or contact your own emotions Down. For Jane, it can only be a sentence of a person Rejected, is underestimated; But by his own Broader information he is the entire person The family wins the first benefit, and she If it's not so kindly, think you're interested. At least it is reasonable, as well as a brightness of a simple profit. Is it over there He came to Walfield - Fort Dragon and voluntarily looking for this again, almost equal She witnessed her changes for the first time Derbishire. 

Color leading to the face in the middle of the way One minute, extra rays and laugh Because she thought of space this time, her eyes Her feelings and desires are still restless. But she will be Insecure. 

"Let me see your performance for the first time," she said; "This goes Early talent is expected. " 

Concentrates on work, seeks to do, I dare to raise my eyes until the anxiety is curious On the face of the servant near his sister a door. Jenny seems to be pale, but it's more stable than calm. Elizabeth is expected. In gentleman, his color Increase; However, she assumed tolerance. The corresponding behavior behavior also has no symptoms Resentment or any unnecessary hypothesis. 

Elizabeth Description Civilization will also Sit again, I want to do this. Normal staff. She swallowed her eyes on Daxa. he It's so serious how often it is often; And she thinks like him. I once saw Herrtford, I did not know Pünberli. However, it may not be in his mother's existence. He is in front of his uncle and aunt. This is pain, but not Impossible hypothesis. 

Bingley, she also saw a minute, and in this short During the period, he saw that it seemed very happy and ashamed. he He is accepted by Mrs. Baltai, who is a certain degree of civilization. Two daughters are confusing, especially when they are clear. His regional and address of educated for him friend. 

Elizabeth, especially who knows that your mother is obliged Last protects your favorite daughter Inaccessible, harmful and painful errors - the most painful The degree of application discomfort. 

Darcy asked what she did and Mr. Carditis, They say she can not answer questions Almost there is no. He does not sit on her; Maybe this He is silent; But Derbier is not much. When he could not himself, he spoke to his friends. But now it was a few minutes, without bringing his voice. Voice; Occasionally unable to withstand impulses Curiously, she used to find out she raised her eyes on her face. It looks like this, there is often no object But the earth. More ideas and concerns are worried. As they found, it was clearly expressed. She used to be Malignant people are angry with themselves. 

"I can count on it or!" - she said. "But why?" Come over? " 

Beyond himself, she does not have humor. For him, she almost does not have the courage to speak. 

She asked after my sister, but I can not do it anymore. 

"Long time Mr. Binley, because you left," said Lady Bannet. 

He is very happy to negotiate. 

"I began to worry that you would never go back. People _Did_ Say you want to play this place on Mikhaelmas; But, but I hope it's not true. There are many changes It happened, because you left. Miss Lukas. Wedding and solve. There is also my own daughter. I miss you I heard about it; In fact, you should see it in the article. this In times and expressed, I know; Although I have not placed Should be. Just say: "Recently, George said Esq. Miss Lidia Bennet, nobody syllable Her father, or where she lives or something. this is My brother Gardner also draws, I want to know how it comes. Do something so clumsy. Did you see that? " 

Bingley replied that he did and congratulated his congratulations. Elizabeth dares to raise her eyes. How is Dasha? So she can not say. 

"This is a nice thing, you must be sure there is a daughter Married, "Continue your mother," but at the same time Mr. Bingley, making his way difficult for me. They moved to Newcastle, a place to the north north It looks like they want to leave, I do not know how long. your Group there; Because I think you heard about your departure - District and its frequent visits. Gratitude Paradise! He has _ome_ friends, but maybe not so much price. " 

Elizabeth, who knows that this is the modernization of Mr. Daxa, then She can hardly keep a place. Marked However, from it, efforts in performance, there is nothing This is done effectively; And she asked Bentley. This means that there is currently housing in the country. For a few weeks he Believe. 

"When you kill all your own birds, Mr. Bean GE," she said. Mother: "I beg you here and shoot as much as possible Please, at Benne Manor. I believe he will be very happy. Make you and save all the best coconuts. " 

Elizabeth pain has increased, so it is unnecessary, so officially Attention! The same cleaner plane, as is currently Complimana, she was convinced, she was convinced Hurry with the same unforgettable conclusion. While She feels that many years of happiness can not let go or her own Fixed this moment of chaotic chaos. 

"The first desire in my heart," she told herself, "It will never be more With any of them together. Your society can not afford. Happiness will be rescued by this tragic! Let me do it I do not see either! " 

However, the happiness of suffering, happiness is not available. Compensation, soon received material relief from How much is the beauty of your sister's excellent ignition? Admire your ex-lover. When he entered, he has Talk to her, but very little; But every five minutes it seems Leave more attention. He discovered that he was as beautiful as she. Last year; Although it is good, it is not affected It's not so comfortable. Surprise, no difference I was found on it, I was really convinced. Talk about it in the past. But his thoughts are so busy, She did not always know she was silent. 

When the gentleman is becoming more and more, the bow is a sensation of spirit. His intention civilization, they were invited and engaged Within a few days. 

"You are very visiting debts, Mr. Binlay," she added, - When you go to the city last year, you promised to bring a family. Eat with us as soon as you return. I did not forget you To look; I assure you, I'm very disappointed, you did it. Do not come back and keep your involvement. " 

Bin Gli looked silly in this reflection and said Some of them were worried about the company. So they left. 

Lady Bennet tends to ask them to stay Dinner that day; However, although it is always very good Table, she did not expect two courses For men who have this anxiety, it is good enough, or Meet Appetite and Pride 10,000 people year. 

Chapter 54. 

As soon as I leave, Elizabeth went out to restore him. Spirit; or in other words, remain in the case without interruption These items should be lower. Mr. Daxi's behavior Surprisingly and worried. 

"Why, if he came to silence, buried and unclear," he said She, he still appeared everything? 

You can solve this as much as possible. 

"He can still be excited by my uncle and aunt, still nice. When he is in the city; Why not give me? If he's afraid of me, why Ha ha? If he does not care about me any more, why is he silent? To tease Toy, man! I want to again. " 

Its resolution is little time that she saved independently The method of his sister who joined her good looking, Shows that it is more satisfied with tourists and not Elizabeth. 

"Now," she said, "The first meeting ended, I think It's simple. I know my power, never His arrival again. I'm very happy that he's here. Third. Then see the public, both sides, USA Encourage people in common and indifferent. " 

"Yes, it's really indifferent," Smiled Elizabeth. "There, Jane, be careful. " 

"Dear Lizzy, you can not think I'm as weak as dangerous Now? " 

"I think you're so dangerous I love you as always. " 

They did not see the gentleman again until Tuesday; And ladies Bayton while you make all happy shapes Program, good Bentley humor and common courtesy, In half an hour he is resurrected. 

Great party passed on Longbene on Tuesday; and Two people more with alarming, based on the loan As an athlete in time, in a very good time. When they Removed to the restaurant, Elizabeth saw in the frying Bentley will occupy the region all of them Party belongs to him your sister. Your cautious mother Occupied the same idea, forgetting him to sit Herself. When he entered the room, he seems to be looking; But simply This happened, it happened: decided. he Allow yourself next to it. 

Elizabeth, a sensation of victory, looking at him friend. He is tired of this with high indifference, she will have Imagine Bentley received her sanctions, happy, there are She can not see her eyes as well as get in touch with Mr. Daxa, Expression of semi-enhancement alerts. 

For dinner, his behavior of his sister is like him, for example Admiration for it, although more protected than security I convinced Elizabeth before, if I left me, Happiness Jane and her own happiness will be readily guaranteed. although She dares to trust the consequences, she still has not received it. Fun in fulfillment of her behavior. Gave him everything Animation, her spirit boasted; Because she is not Happy humor. Mr. Daxa is almost from her. The table can be divided. He's on his mother's side. Is it over there I know how to have fun in such a situation, Or look lucrative. It's not near Listen to her words, but she can see how much they have Speak one with the other as formally and cold of them Whenever they do. Her mother is not as a result of the meaning They should be more painful about Elizabeth; it's her Sometimes what will I have? Her goodness is not unknown, nor with all a family. 

She expects to propose opportunities at night Bring them together; All access Disappear, not allowing them to introduce more Talk more than just your smart greeting Input. Worry and concern Living room before the arrival of the gentleman is tired and boring Almost leave your opacity. She is anxious to Entrance of her like all her fun It should be dependent on the night. 

"If he does not come to me, _then_," she said, "I'll give it to him. forever and ever. " 

Gentlemen came; She thought he looked like it would be Answer your hope; Unfortunately! Ladies are filled. Miss Benat drank tea, Elizabeth In the cafe, so close to the federal Only empty next to it, this recognizes a chair. About that Gentleman is approaching, one of the girls is approaching her. Wrong at any time: 

"Men will not come, I decided. We want They; we want? " 

Darcy approached another part of the room. It follows He wore his eyes and envied almost anyone, no one said. Patience is enough to help someone drink coffee; Then angry It's so stupid to resist yourself! 

"The person who was rejected! How can I stupid? Is it expected to update your love? One of them Sex that will not protest in this weakness as the second Proposal for the same women? Unsuccessful Their feelings! " 

However, she is a bit resurrected, and he returned to him. Cup of coffee yourself; She captured the possibility of the proverb: 

"Is she petterman sister?" 

"Yes, she'll stay at Christmas." 

"And very lonely? May all the friends leave her?" 

"Mrs. Anneshley and her together. Others have already dated Scarborough is three weeks. " 

She can think of more things; But if he expects Unlike her, he can achieve a better success. He stays with her. However, a few minutes of silence; And finally, in young people She whispered again in Elizabeth. 

When tea sheets are deleted, install the card table Women all roses, Elizabeth hopes to join When he saw him fell, all of her views were knocked over. Luxury victims your mother and some people Sitting at the moment after sending. She is currently lost All pleasure is expected. They are limited at night At different tables, she was not expecting, but her Her eyes usually deal with a path to her room. Leave it failed as much as possible. 

Mrs. Bantte is designed to keep these two vertices. Dinner; But your coach is not available before them. Others, she had no opportunity to delay them. 

"Well, girls," she left her. "What does that mean? I think everything was. Rare, I assure you. Dinner clothing I saw everything from me. Stag meats cooked in a circle and everything Tell me they never saw so much fat. Soup fifty times More than last week better in Luke; or even sir Darcy admits that 鹧 are very good Well, I think he has at least two French chefs. And dear, I never saw how more you look like. In. I struggle to say this because I asked if it was not. Which is? What do you think she said? 'what type! Mrs. BANTTE, we'll have She finally moves. "She did. I think ladies ladies And good life like life - your very niece Beautiful girl, not all beautiful girls: I like them Amazing. " 

Madame in a bow, in short, the spirit is very exciting; she saw Bentley's enough behavior is simply recognized that she It will allow it to be the last time; Your expectation for your interest Family when happiness in happiness is far beyond rationality. She is very disappointed, next, did not see him there. Once her suggestions are presented. 

"This is a very nice day," said Miss Benat. Elizabeth. "The party seems to choose a good choice, so adequate With another. I hope we will always meet again. " 

Iglzabeth smiles. 

"Lizzy, you can not do that. You should not doubt me. That caused it. I assure you that I have already learned to enjoy my conversation. As a nice and reasonable young man, I do not Behind him. With your current way, I'm very satisfied Yes, he never had no emotions from brand. this Only he was lucky that there is a broader sweet address too More exciting than anyone else is more enjoyable. " 

"You're cruel," her sister said, "You will not leave me. Smile and spend me every moment. " 

"In some cases, it's harder to believe!" 

"It's impossible for others!" 

"But why do you want to convince me, I do not think it's just me. to recognize? " 

"This is a question I almost do not know how to answer. We all As a guide, but we can only teach things that can not stand. Knowing. Excuse; If you insist on indifferent, please do not Make your faith. " 

57. 

This mental accident caused by unusual access Isabel has become this, it is not easy to win; She can not, because For many hours, know not to interrupt to think about it. Miss U Catherine, it looks like it's really unpleasant. Traveling from rosmins, the only goal is to interrupt Suppose mr. Daxi is involved. This is a reasonable plan. OK! But the report, they were making the report. At first, Isabel did not know what it was; Remember that he is a close friend of Bentley, and As a simple sister, she is enough. To wait for a wedding, everyone wants another wedding. Provide ideas. She did not forget to feel Her sister's wedding must make them more frequent. And her neighbors at Lucas's hotel, through them. She concluded that the relationship with a couple of Collin Lady to Catherine, just put it. Defined and straight, is anxious to Maybe in the future. 

However, in the expression of Mrs. Catherine, she can not Helps feel some anxiety because possible results She insists on this intervention. From what she said It prevents them from getting married. Isabel believed she should ask her nephew; And as it is similar to the description of evil Because I have contact with her, she dares to say. Is it over there I do not know if he is an aunt or his Depending on her judgment, but of course, I think he She is much bigger than her imagination; she is Of course when listing pain in marriage _ _, Your direct contact with him so that women, Her aunt will be on the weakest side to talk to him. With your concept For dignity, you can feel like arguing, Elizabeth is weak and preserved, including many advantages. Perfect and reliable reasoning. 

If he shakes what he has to do, then Usually looks very likely, offers so close and begging Relationships can solve each problem and solve it immediately May he be happy as dignity. In this case, He will not go back. Mrs. Catherine can look at him on the way. Through the city; and his interaction with Bentley Nigfield has to take a step. 

"So if an excuse that does not correspond to a promise For a few days friend, "she added," I'll find out how Understand it. So I'll give up on each waiting, each I hope he is inaccurate. If you are just satisfied with repentance I when he can get my love and hand I go Soon I did not regret it any more. " 

Surprise family who hears who are Visitors are very good; but they are very satisfied It's like the assumptions of the lady. The curiosity of banquets; Isabel is free to take over Theme. 

The next morning, when he went down, she met her. Father holding a letter from the library in her hand. 

"Park Moon," he said, "I'll find you; enter me Room." 

She followed him there; Did she wonder what he had? "Tell him" because of his existence In a sense, it is related to the letter he owns. She suddenly hit It can be written by Ms. Catherine; It is expected to be All comments are disturbing. 

She followed her father to the chimney, both sat Down. Then he said: 

"I got a letter that made me surprise this morning. Very well. Because it is mainly related to yourself, you should Understand your content. I did not know before, I have two A daughter who is getting married. Let me congratulate you A very important achievement. " 

Color now ran to Elizabeth's cheeks This is a letter from the nephew, Instead of aunt; She is still not sure more I am very happy that he explains or insulting him. The letter is not written for her; When your father CONTING: 

"You look up. Girl has a lot of penetration in this area Which is like this; But I think I can even challenge my wisdom. Discover your name for your worship. This is a letter from mr. Collins. " 

"Mr. Collins! What do you say?" 

"Of course, some things are very much according to the goal. He is Congratulations on the next marriage on my eldest son Daughter seems to be a bit Okay, good luck gossip. I'm not training with you. I'm impatient reading right now. What is related For me, as follows: "I gave you sincerity. Congratulations to Mrs. Collins and myself, Now let me add a brief tip on another subject; We are promoting the same institution. His daughter Elizabeth should not be named after the name BANNET. After his sister fired, and Destination can be considered reasonably the most This land is excellent. " 

"Park Mun, do you know who that means? This new man The Lord is blessed in a special way The very desire of deadly-property, noble Relative relationship and extensive sponsorship. However, despite this Temptation, let me warn my cousin Isabel and myself What can be caused by using this mud? The assumption of a gentleman, of course, you will have a trend Use this immediately. " 

"You know, dear, who is this gentleman? But now it's Public status: 

"I remember my motivation. We're right Imagine your bourge aunt Ekaterina did not look This game is friendly. " 

"Mr. Dacheng, you see that this is a man! Now, Park Moon, I think I have Give me a surprise. He or Lucas, will you sell to someone? In the circle of our acquaintance, his name should Given that lies are more effectively related to your relationship? Mr. Davets, Who never looks at any woman, just see who Maybe you've never seen you! To admire!" 

Isabel tries to join the happiness of her father, but Just making her favorite smile. Her wisdom has never been Thus, the director is not satisfactory for her. 

"Are not you moved?" 

"Oh! Yes. Please keep reading." 

"After mentioning the possibility of marrying her Lady last night, she's at the same time, and she's usually Modest, expressing her feelings at the moment; When is it Be obvious based on some families I never agree with anything. She called a shameful game. I think it's my responsibility. For me, this is the fastest wisdom, she and she. Noble worship can know what they say, do not flee Hurry at the wedding, which is not properly approved. " Mr. Collins also added. "I'm very happy with my cousin." Lydia's sad business is very well lit, I just Worry that they live before the wedding This place should be widely known. However, I should never ignore My duty, or not declare my surprise I heard you have this young couple in your home. They married them. This is an offensive encouragement; and If I go to Lanburn's head, I'm going to work hard. Against that. You must, of course, forgive them as Christians, but never recognize them in front of you or let them The name you want to mention that you understood. "This is his concept Kristian forgiveness! The rest of his letter is just about it. Dear situation of Charlotte, and you wait for the young Branch of Oliveira. However, Pu Yun looks like you do not like it. I hope you will not pretend Annoying annoying. To live, to live Sport for our neighbors, we are laughing at them? " 

"Oh!" Elizabeth cried, "I was suspended. But it's true. Strange!" 

"Yes it's an interesting place. They are fixed on others. Hide, it's nothing; But it is completely indifferent, There is also your sharp and disgust, let you get so happy! When I hate to write, I will not give up mr. Any letter given. Not when I read the letter For him, I can not help give you more than Weng although I attribute great importance to my bruise and hypocrisy Зять. Ora, Pu Yun, Mrs. Catherine said like this. Report? Did she call it to reject her? " 

For this problem, your daughter was just laughing; It's no doubt that she is not I'm sorry for his repetition. Isabel never The loss that makes her feelings. Is that it is When she preferred to cry, she had to laugh. Your father He is the cruelest with the evaluation of mr. Daxi. Indifferent, she can not do anything, can be surprised only for this demand Penetration, or fear, maybe do not see it It can be very strong. 

Chapter 58 

There is no letter so exclusive to your friend, As expected as Elizabeth, he can Before going, light daxi to Lomban. Mrs. Catherine came from visit. Too early. She tells him in the shower to tell him they saw him. Auntie, her daughter is sitting there temporarily, Bentley, she Just stay together, offer to leave. Is that it is Consent. Mrs. Bantte did not go through habit; Mary No longer; But the other five men were. However, Bentley will soon make others more than They ... they are back, and Elizabeth, Catteo is behind. Mutual fun. Said nothing, Katie He is very afraid of what he says; Elizabeth is secret. Form a desperate definition; maybe Likewise. 

Go to Lucas because Katie wants to call In Mary; Isabel believes that there is no chance to do this What a common problem is that when Katie left them, she boldly continued to be with him. By myself. Now is the moment when it is determined, and When her courage was too loud, she immediately said: 

"Mr. Daway, I am a selfish man, Reduce your own feelings, you do not mind He hurt you. I am you for you It is unusual that my poor sister is very friendly. Since I know I'm very urgent to admit your thanks I feel it now. If my family knows, I do not have to Only expressing my gratitude. " 

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," I replied, tones. Surprised and emotional: "What have you been told It may be from the wrong point of view, give you worry. I do not have any I think Lady Gardner is not credible. " 

"Could not blame my theta. First of all, if the bubble of the day I betrayed my concern about this; and Of course, I can not rest before you know the details. Please allow Thank you again with my family. The generous sympathy makes you have so many problems, Take a lot of abstinence to find They." 

"If you like, thank you," he replied, "let him belong to himself. By myself. Give your happiness can increase power I will not try to promote my other incentives. Trash. But your family should not have anything to me. Although I respect you a lot, I I believe I'm just thinking of you. " 

Elizabeth is confused to say the word. Some time later Pass, your satellite additives, "you are very generous, can not be I'm. If your feelings are still in April last year, please tell me Then at once. _ My feelings and desires have not changed, but there is a About this problem, your words will never make me silence. " 

Elizabeth, looks more than just common strange The concern of her situation, now forcing itself; and Immediately, although not too loose, let me understand Your emotional experience has changed because He suggests that she is grateful for accepting And I'm happy with his current guarantee. Happiness The response received is that he never felt; He expressed his rationality in this case. The passion, as a man who falls in love, must do. Saturation Elizabeth can see his eyes, she may have seen how The joy of the heart is filled in her face. Became him; However, although she does not see, she can hear, and He told her to feel that this proved her importance. For him, let him feel more valuable at every moment. 

They continue, I do not know what the direction is happening. It's also There are many things to think, feel, say, need attention Other objects. She quickly knew they were very grateful. I understand his aunt's efforts, she really When she returned from London, I visited him and contacted her together. Go for the trip in Lonben, your motivation and essence Dialogue with Isabel; focus on each Last expression, afraid of his lady, Special indication of its metamorphosis and self-confidence; belief This relationship should help you a lot The promise of her nephew, but she refused. But, Unfortunately for you, your effect is really On the contrary. 

"This teaches me to wait," he said, because I was never allowed I hope to be inside me. I am very clear about his character. I'm sure if you are absolute and irrevocable solutions Against me, you have to admit Mrs. Clear and open. " 

Elizabeth said: "Yes, you know I believe I have the opportunity to do this. Back So you can humiliate you, I'm not worried. Abuse all your relatives. " 

"What did you tell me, I'm not worth it? Because despite your The load is not based on the wrong premise, my At that moment, your behavior is the most rigorous. Is that it is Do not forgive me. I can not think about it. " 

"We will not fight for large stocks "That night," Elizabeth said. " Strictly check, will be indelible; but from this we I hope the courtesy of the two has improved. " 

"I can not understand it easily. Remember So I said, about my behavior, my mana, my expression Throughout the process, they have spent a few months. It is difficult to describe pain. Your fault, it's very good, I Never forget: "If you have a gentleman Manera. These are your words. You do not know, you can hardly Imagine how they torment me; "I'm going to finish, I Honestly, before I reasonably let them spread justice. " 

"Of course, I did not think they would be so strong. Print. I have no minimum idea for them. And so." 

"It's easy for me to believe. You think not I feel you did it. You have no expression. Never forget, as you said, I can not solve it. You take you anyway you can. " 

"Oh! Do not repeat my words I said. These memories will not be Absolutely ok. I promise, I always sincerely I'm ashamed of it. " 

Daxi mentioned his letter. "You did it," he said, "have you ever done that soon? Do you think I'm fine? After reading, did you trust someone? Your content? " 

She explained her influence on her, and how it gradually His previous loss was eliminated. 

"I know," he said, "I will definitely bring you the pain, but it is It is necessary. I hope you have destroyed this letter. To have to have Especially part of it begins, I must fear it. Be able to read again. I remember some Maybe make you hate my expression. " 

"If you think this letter is important, it will definitely be burned To protect my respect; However, although we have a reason I think my point is not well can not change, they are not, I am I hope it's easy to change like this tip. " 

When I wrote this letter, I answered Datishi, I believe I am Very quiet and cool, but I'm sure it's Written with horrible bitterness. " 

"Maybe this letter started for pain, but it's not the end. Ads, is charity. But do not think about this letter again. In People who write letters and those who received their beliefs, It is not very different from the past, so It should be forgotten that unpleasant situations. Are you I have to learn some philosophy. Just think about the past as your Let's remind him of happiness. " 

"I do not believe in some philosophy. The evaluation should be no failure, then The result is not philosophical, but what Better, innocent and innocent. But for me it is not. Pain Remember will invade and should not invade Reverse. Actually I am a selfish person in my life. Although it is not in principle. When I was new, what was it taught to me? But I was not taught to correct my character. I received this Good principles, but follow them with pride and autonomous attitude. Unfortunately, I am a child (there has always been a child for many years) I was wrapped up by my parents, although they were very good (my father, Especially all kind and friendly things), Tied, almost church, my selfish and specialty; Besides my own family circle, no one cares; think serious Other places in the world; Waiting for at least serious thinking Compared to me, your feelings and value. I am like, 8-8 and 20; I can still be like this, but For you, dear, dear Isabel! I owe you nothing! Give me a lesson, it's very difficult, but more lucrative. You make me very modest. I have no doubt that I will have you with you. My reception. You tell me that everyone is not enough. Cheerful to please a happy woman. " 

"Do you convince you that I have to do this?" 

"I have. Do you think my vanity? I believe you I hope we anxiously await my address. " 

"My behavior must be wrong, but not intentional, I I promise. I never planned to deceive you, but my spirit can It often causes me wrong. After that how to hate me Night?" 

"I hate you! I can be very upset at first, but my wrath will start. Take the right direction. " 

"When we met, I almost agreed to ask to see me. In Poma. Are you accusing me? " 

"It really is not; I just surprised." 

"Your surprise will not be surprised more than I am. It is provided by you. My conscience tells me that I do not owe anything special. Educated, I admit that I did not expect to get more More than I should have. " 

"My object then _", "Reply Daizhen", each I have a courtesy I can, so I'm not so thin with this resentment. I hope to receive your forgiveness and reduce your condition. Species that allows him to see his guilt was accepted To arrive. How long will there be any other desire, I am very difficult Tell me, but I believe I saw you about half an hour. " 

Then he told him Georgia very happy to know her, and She is disappointed with it; this nature The reason for the interruption, she quickly learned He is determined to follow her from Dibi County to find her. My sister was raised before leaving her property and her Gravity and attentive are produced by others This should be understood more than that goal. 

She thanked me again, but it hurts too much. Removed everywhere, getting further. 

Walking a few miles slowly, very busy To know that they discover that they will finally consider them Look, it's time. 

"Mr. Bentley is simple!" it's a miracle This article presents an analysis of his cases. Of xi is very happy With its interaction; Your friend gave you the sooner. Information. 

"Should I ask you to be surprised?" said Elizabeth. 

"It's nothing. When I left, I think it will happen soon." 

Then you agree. I think it is Full. "Although he fired in his hand, she found Almost as much as this. 

"I went to London before night," he said, "I did Repair you, I believe I have to regret it. I told him that everything happened. Intervention in his business is ridiculous and coarse. It's a surprise Great. He never suspected. I told him, Besides, I think I'm wrong as I have That's all, his sister is indifferent to him; I feel easy not to increase, I think, There is no doubt that they are very happy together. " 

Elizabeth can not help, but a relaxed director method Friends of her. 

"You're talking about your observation," she said, "when you It tells you that my sister loves you or just my information. In the past spring? " 

"From the first one. In these two processes, I almost noticed. I visited it recently; I'm sure she Emotions. " 

"I think your assurance immediately Believe in him. " 

"That's true. Bentley is very modest. Her shy. In such an alarm, he blocks him in trusting his court. But his dependence on me facilitates things. I had to do Confession is not unfair for a period of time, and is violated. He is. I can not afford to hide my sister. I stayed in town for three months last year, I'll know, and Deliberately hit him. He is very upset. But his wrath, I I'm sure the last time he doubts you. Sister's feelings. Now he will really forgive me. " 

Elizabeth wants to see mr. Bentley the most Happy friends; so easy to guide your value No prices; But she checked. She remembers that he has I have not learned to laugh yet, and I'm still too late. To start. Anxious for Bentley's happiness, of course, It's better to have yourself, he keeps talking Until they get. They were separated into the hall. 

Elizabeth seeks to observe Mr. Bin Gregor Happy friend; Easy guidance. No prices; But she checked. She remembers that he has I did not learn to laugh, and it's not even early. To start. I look forward to Bentley's happiness, of course, He's almost almost, he continues to speak. While they will not come. In the corridor of your separation. 

Chapter 59. 

"Dear Lily, where can you go?" - I used to be Question, Elizabeth, as soon as she will learn Enter her room, sit down table. She just answered, they were married On while it exceeds her knowledge. She color like her Affairs; But both are nothing else, it aroused the suspect truth. 

Through a quiet night, it is not meaningless than all unusual. Recognized lovers spoke, laughing, without combs It's silent. Daxi is not a personality of happiness In joy, and Elizabeth, excitement and confusion, reverse _KNew_ is very happy that _felt_ alone; OK, In addition to the straight embarrassment, there is another evil In front of her. It is expected to feel something in the family Her situation is well known; She realized no one loves him. But only; Even worry, it's _Dislike_ This is not wealth, but the consequences may disappear. 

At night she opened her heart. Although it is suspect She is far from the universal habit of Miss Bantte, she is absolutely It's amazing here. 

"You're joking, Lily. It's impossible! - Home Dasha! No, No, you do not fool me. I know it's impossible. " 

"This is an unhappy start! My only relationship is open You; If you do not, I believe other people will believe me. However, I really seriously. Besides the truth, I'm not saying anything. he I still love me, we are involved. " 

Contact your question. "Oh, Lizzy! It can not be. I know. You do not like it. " 

"You do not know anything. _That_ I forgot. Maybe I do not always love so much. But B. So, and good memory is impeccable. this I'll remember the last time. " 

Miss Bank Jie looks surprised. Elizabeth again, more Rent your certainty carefully. 

"Good morning! It's really! But now I have to believe you" Jane shouted. "Darling, dear Lizzy, congratulations You - But are you definitely? Forgive questions - Who are you? Make sure you are satisfied with them? " 

"No doubt. It was decided between us We will be the happiest in the world. Grades Happy, just? Do you want this brother? " 

"Very very good. Nothing can give Bentley or himself Nice. But we consider it, let's talk about it. impossible. Do you really love him? There, Lizzie! Do everything, did not leave. You Am I very sure of what you think you should do? " 

"Oh, yes! You just want to think that I feel difficult, not what I have to do, When I tell you everything. " 

"What do you mean?" 

"Why should I admit what I like more than I love Bentley. I am I'm afraid you're angry. " 

"My dear sister, now _be_ seriously. I want to talk Side jokes. Let me know everything I want to know no DETER. Can you tell me how long you love him? " 

"It will come gradually, I hardly do not know." thus. But I believe you should see him in case of seeing him for the first time. Reasons for Peng English. " 

Another kind of begging, she will do seriously. Expected effect; She quickly satisfied her solemnity Adhere to the warranty. When I convinced this article, Miss The book clearing the lesson still did not expect. 

"Now I'm very happy," she said, "Because you'll be as happy as you." I always have a valuable for him. This is because of your For his love, I must always respect him; But now, if Bingley's friends and her husband can only have Bentley and Allow yourself more expensive. But Lizzy, you were very confused, very Keep around me. How little did you tell me? Penfalli and Ramon! I should all know Not for you. " 

Elizabeth told her to confidential motivation. She is already I do not want to mention Bentley; and their own instability Feelings allow her to also avoid the name of your friend. but Now she will no longer hide her in Lydia. Wedding. Everyone was recognized, last night in the middle of the way Dialogue. 

"Good goodness!" Mrs. Bennet shouted because she was in the window. The next morning: "If you dasha nasty does not come here Again for our dear Bingley! What did he mean? What is always tired here? I have no concept, but he Will shoot or another thing, do not disturb us With his company. What do we do with him? Lizzy, you have to go The retreat is again with it, it can not be a Bentley way. " 

Elizabeth is hard to help remain so comfortable; However, her mothers should always give him Such pseudonyms. 

After entering, Binggli will look at this, then the mind, Holding hands and warm hands, there is no doubt that it is your benefit Training; He will soon say aloud: "Mrs. Bantte, Let you have more tracks where Lizzy can lose the way Is the next day? " 

"I offer dasha, Lily, Catis said," Mrs. Bennet said " This morning goes to Okham's mountain. This is a good walk, Mr. Dashi never saw that look. " 

"It can be very good for others," replied Mr. Binglai; "But I I believe it's too much for a kitten. No, handsome? cat She'd rather stay at home. Darcy claimed to be great Curiosity, View View of Mountain and Elizabeth accepted. When she goes on the stairs, she's ready, Mrs. Bantte Follow her, say: 

"Sorry, you can, you must be forced to have you People who are unpleasant for themselves. But I hope you do not mind That is: all for a simple love, you know; And no cases Besides the conversation with him, except now, then. So do not put You will bring any inconvenience. " 

When they go, it was decided that Mr Baynet agreed It should be asked at night. Elizabeth Reserved Request your mother. She can not Determine how her mother takes this; Sometimes the suspicion Whether to overcome all wealth and greatness She hates that person. But is it violent? Against the game, or I appreciate forcibly, is definitely Her attitude is equally unlikely to adapt to her reputation. To sense; And she can not endure the doctor, she should hear Happiness of her roars, not the first motivation Is not difficult. 

At night, Mr. Bennet went to the library, She saw Mr. Dasha too, Rosa, followed him, mix See this is an extreme. She is not afraid of the opposition of her father, But he will be unhappy; should be Through its value - this is your favorite child should be Choosing her makes him pain, he must fill in fear Your repentance when handling is bad reflex - bad reflex She was sitting in suffering until Mr. Yes Xidi appeared again when she looks He, her smile is a little free. After some minutes Near the table, she sits on the git; And is Pretend to appreciate her work in whisper: "Go to you Father, he wants you in the library. She went straight. 

His father is embarrassed in the room and seems serious and concern. "Lizzy," he said, "What are you doing? You get you from you. Sensor, accept this person? Do you always hate him? " 

She is more serious, she hopes her first performance More reasonably, her expression is soft! Will have Fortunately, your explanation and profession Very confused; But now they are needed, and she She granted some confusion to him, I add her to Mr. Daxi. 

"Or in other words, you are determined to have it. He is very rich. It is designer that you can have the best clothes and exquisite compartments. Difficult. But will they make you happy? " 

"You have another opposition," said Elizabeth: "Better than you" My indifference does not bother? " 

"There's no one. We all know he's proud, unpleasant. Human; But if you really like it, it's not. " 

"I do it, I like it," she replied, tears, "I Love him. In fact, he is not proud. He is perfect From others. You do not know he's really; So pray not to suffer I told him through these conditions. " 

"Lizzy," said his father, "I gave you my consent. He In fact, a person, he never refuses anything. He succumbed to the investigation. I'll give it _You_ If you I'm determined by him. But let me suggest that you think better This. I know your request and look forward to. I know you can If you do not respect your people, it is not happiness and does not respect. Husband; If you do not look, it overcomes. Your live To put it in inequality Wedding. You can not escape and suffer. mine Child, let me see _ you can not see sadness Respect your life partner. You do not know it's the most important. " 

Elizabeth is still affected, sincerely and solemnly in it. Answer; and length, re-warranty dasha Through a gradual change, this is really choosing her. She has an evaluation of him, and she is absolutely connected with her. The definition of her feelings is not one day, but Standing in a few months of unknown and enumeration tests All kinds of energy, she really won her father Incredibly and sank into the game. 

"Well, my dear," he said, when she stopped talking: "I'm not More to say. If so, he must get you. I can not Separately with you, my Lizzy, who is not worth it. " 

She told him Mr. Daxi voluntarily completed Lidia. He heard her Surprise. 

"This is a miracle, it's true! So, yes Xi made each one of them. Things; Competition, give money, pay colleagues Duty, let it name! so good. Then it will be Save me a difficult and economical world. This is your uncle Do this, I have to pay you _Would_; But this violence Lovers bring their way. I'll give it to him Tomorrow; He will roar and pierce his love, There will be the end of this problem. " 

Then he remembered her a few days ago, in his Read Mr. Collins; After laughing at her Time, allowing her to finally say, because she enters the room, "If you have young people in Mary or a kitten, please send them because I Cute leisure. " 

Elizabeth's idea is now released from very heavy weight; After half an hour in her own room she Other people who can add another calm. Everything Unfortunately, pass a quiet place at night; No more materials are terrible, but Comfort and known will appear on time. 

When his mother went to the dressing room at night, she Follow it and have an important society. Its effect The most special; When he first heard Lady Bunnet on Saturday However, you can not give a syllable. N. Many people can understand what she heard; Although this is not a general return loan? The advantage of your family or form of lovers Anyone. She began to recover, worry Her chair, stay, sit, miracle, bless you. 

"Good goodness! The Lord blesses me! I just think! Dear me! Daxi! Who will think about it! Is it really true? There! My sweet Lizzie! As much as we are rich and how perfectly! What I can? Jewelry, you will have a car! Nothing No matter anything. I'm very happy - so happy. So charming human! - I'm beautiful! Very high! -Oh, dear Lizzy! Oration requests I did not like him very much. I hope he ignores This. Dear dear lily. House in the city! Everything Charming! Three married daughters! One year! Oh my gosh! What will be mine. I will distract. " 

This is enough to prove that your recognition is not necessary I doubt: and Elizabeth, I'm glad to hear such Only you will leave in the near future. But before it is three In her room for a few minutes, her mother follows her. 

"My dear child," she exclaimed, "I can not think of anything else!" Ten A year, more likely, will be more! "Tis, and you are so good! And special licenses. You should and will be a special wedding license. But my dear love tells me that dishes were given Especially as tomorrow will be. " 

This sadness of your mother's behavior. Gentleman can be; Elizabeth discovers that although in Keep you the most enthusiastic feelings, security Your relationship agrees, there is still something to think for. But min min is much better than expected; Mrs. Bantte was fortunate enough to stay in his expected son-in-law. If he is not in force, she takes freedom at risk and does not talk to him. Provide you with any attention or celebrate your respect To view. 

Elizabeth is pleased with the pain to see his father. Familiar with him; Mr. Bannak quickly secured her He fell every hour. 

"I'm very happy to admire my three children," he said. Weeke. Maybe I like my favorite; But I think I'll want _Our_ husband And just. " 

Chapter 60 

Elizabeth Spirit quickly got up to play, she wants Mr. Dadi fell in love with her. "How do you start?" - she said. "I can understand your sequel When you started, it's charming; But what could be? First, let you surrender? " 

"I can not fix an hour or a site or see, or Put the base. Too much long. I'm in I know the middle of _Had_ began. " 

"My beauty is good, and my name is mine. _You_ the behavior is always at least on the nuclear border, And I never told you, but I do not want to give you pain. Instead no. Sincerely; If you admire my thick? " 

"For your thoughts, I did it." 

"You may like it immediately. This is very few smaller. The truth is that you are tired of respect for civilization, Yo pay attention. You do not like these women. Always say, look, I think _Your_ Achieve alone. I change interested in you because I'm so Unlike _them_. You really do not do good, will you be there? I hate myself; But although you have taken the hidden pain You yourself, your feelings are always very noble and easy; in your Heart, you despise completely so bitter Visit you. There - I saved the accounting work This; It is true that everything is considered, I begin to think about it. It is very reasonable. Determine if you have no real interest I am - but no one thinks they fall in love. " 

"You're not good for simple emotions." Are you hurt in Wetfield? " 

"Dear Jane, who can do less for her? But to make a This goes through several ways. My good quality is yours. Protection, you must exaggerate them as much as possible; And as a return, belongs to this case, I found toys As much as possible with you; I'll start Ask for you to make you do not want to come last minute. What makes you so shy when you call After eating here? Why, especially when you call, do Looks like you do not care about me? " 

"Because you are serious and silence, give me To encourage. " 

"But I'm very confused." 

"Me either." 

"When you dine, you can talk to me." 

"Maybe you feel less." 

"How bad you should, you should respond rationally, And I should be so wisely to admit it! But I'm very strange. If you stay, you must _ how long Myself. If I do not have I ask you! I'm full of determination Thank you for your kindness. Ladies should have much effect. _Too a lot, I'm afraid; If our comfort comes suddenly from violations, what is morality? promise? Because I should not mention this topic. this is Never do that. " 

"You do not need your pain. Moral will be perfect. Equitable. Ekaterin clear effort to separate us This is a means to eliminate all doubts. I'm looking. I expressed my desire to express my desire. gratitude. I do not expect any discovery in humor. Your wisdom of my aunt gave me I hope I Immediately complete the determination to understand everything. " 

"Mrs. Catherine has always been unlimited use, must make it Happiness because she likes to use. But tell me what you came from? Fall in Wailfield? Just walking to Longburn and Embarrassment? Or you're more serious. result? " 

"My real goal is to see _You_ and judge if you can, I can wait to let you love me. I'm published or I published myself, I saw your sister Still bunch if she is frank I made it. " 

"Do you have the courage to declare that Lady Catherine is? Is she in trouble? " 

"I'm more likely to want time instead of courage, Elizabeth. But this Must be done if you give me a sheet of paper, it is This should be done directly. " 

"If I do not have a letter to write me, I can sit around it. And appreciate the number of writing as another lady I made it. But I also have aunt, I can not be more. Ignore this. " 

Never admit intimate relationship with Mr. Darcy is overvalued, Elizabeth never answered his wife Gad letter on; But now there is _that_ communication What she knows the most popular, she's almost ashamed I discovered that his uncle and aunt lost three days. Happiness and immediately write as follows: 

"I'll thank you, dear Aunt, because I have to It was completed because its length, kindness, satisfactory, detail Detail; But tell the truth, I write too. you Suppose it is more than really existence. But _Now_ is assumed as much as possible You choose; Free, add your imagination by adding you Sponations on every possible flight Since if you do not believe I really marry me, otherwise you can not Big before. You should write again, praise you More than you are in the last. I thank you again. Once again, do not go to the lake. How can I be so stupid? to bless! His thoughts on the pony are pleasant. We'll lead Casual park. I am the happiest life in the world. Maybe others say, but not Justice. I change more; She just laughed, I laughed. Mr. Daxa sent him all the love of the world. of me. All of you reach the fire for Christmas. it's yours, And much more. " 

Dali Mrs. Catherine was given - This is another style; It is still different from what the difference between Mr. Benzhin. Collins, last responding. 

"Dear Sir, "I have to congratulate you. Elizabeth Will. Soon the wife of Mr. Dashi. Catherine, Mrs. Consil and You may. But if I do, I'll support your nephew. He has More given. 

"You are honestly, etc." 

Miss Bingli Congratulations to your brother in your approach Marriage, gentle and hypocritical. She wrote Even in Jane, in this case, express your joy and repeat All the old occupation of it. Just deceived, but Is affected; Although I do not trust her, I can Do not help her a better answer than she knows Should be. 

The lack of happiness seems Information, like your brother, to send it as sincerity. Four. Two sides of paper are not enough to keep all your joy. All the desire to be loved by my sister. 

Before any response can be obtained from Mr Collins or any response. Congratulations on your wife, the old family of Bien loves Elizabeth I heard Collins came up to the lucas cabin. this is This sudden reason for removal is quickly obvious. Mrs. Ekaterina Very angry caused by this A nephew letter, Charlotte, really appreciated in the game, Escape urgently until the storm explodes. In one such. At that moment honestly sincerely. Elizabeth, although in the process of his conference, Sometimes I think when she saw Mr., I feel very happy. Darcy is exposed to all his parade and bad deeds. husband. However, he is tired of wonderful calm. He can Even Sir William Lucas, when he praised him Take the brightest of the most stunning ornaments and express His hopes in St. James are often found in hope Very good calmly. If he really cringed, then It is not visible to William. 

Vision to Mrs. Phillips is another may be a major tax. In her patience; Although Mrs. Phillips looks like her Sister, much to be afraid that he is speaking Good humor Bentley is encouraged, but whenever She _Did_ said she should be vulgar. She respects him Although it makes it quieter, it is really possible to do more Elegant Elizabeth forced her to protect everything. Regular and rush warning to keep it She owned and her family, and can Do not humiliate; Although it is uncomfortable Of all this of the whole love season It's fun, he adds future hope; She reads Good to delete your time Social as nice, all comfort Her family party is elegant at Hotel Hong Kong. 

Chapter 61. 

I am very pleased to have one day for all my mothers. Buna got rid of the two most useless daughters. what type She was happy to visit Mrs. Binley and spoke Give can guess. I hope I can say Your family is the realization of your serious desire Many of her children were so happy. Treatment becomes a wise, friendly and affectionate woman On your rest; Although it was very lucky Husband can not be in such a family Unusual way, it is still sometimes tense and Always stupid. 

Mr. Broter surpassed his second daughter; His feelings Because she painted her man from home than everything else. He is very happy to go to Pembertich, especially when he is the least expected. 

Mr. Binga and Jane are still only on the Welsific team. So close to your maternal and maximum communication Even if easy to remove, or an annoying heart. Then the expensive wishes of his sisters were satisfied; he bought Regional and easy real estate Elizabeth, except for one for the other source of happiness Within 30 miles with each other. 

Katie, a very significant advantage for her, conducted her director Time with your two elderly. It's better in society It usually knows that your improvement is good. Not her Such an irreparable nature; and remove it from him The influence of Lydia, she became the right attention Manage, not too boring, not so ignorant and less insufficient. From More lack of her in a proprietary society Carefully booked, although wick mada often invites you Go with her, with the commitment of the ball and young people, Her father will never agree with her. 

Mary is the only daughter who remained at home; Is it over there This is inevitable from the achievements of ladies' desire. Nennate is unlikely. Mary is forced to mix There is more than the world, but can still pass all moralizations Visit in the morning; Because she does not raise more Beauty her sisters and she herself, she suspects her Father, she gives a change without any value. 

As for Vaxim and Lydia, his role has no revolution Wedding of sisters. He used philosophy to get tired of Elizabeth must now be familiar with faith No matter where it is unknown, your tendency to be false Give it to her; Although everything is not, but there is no hope Darcy can, as a rule, existed for her wealth. this is Congratulations, Elizabeth received from your Lydia Wedding, at least explaining to her at least his wife, if not He himself, a hope of Lelean. This letter is here Influence: 

"Dear Lily, "I wish you happiness. If you like half, and I do everything possible Dear Vikham, you must be very happy. This is a very comfortable comfort. Let you be so rich when you do not have another practice, I hope You will think of us. I believe Wick wants to be a place There are many ships, I have no money. Without some help, this is enough to live. Come anywhere About three or four hundred people; But do not say Mr. dasha if you prefer. 

"Your wait" 

Because Elizabeth happens, no, she Efforts to complete each plenary plenary position in your response Waiting for this. However, this kind of relief is similar to her body. Take power through a possible practice In her own private threat, she used to send them. She has As her income is always considered as The direction of two people is so extravagant, they and Unfortunately, the future must be full of them. Support, support; Whenever they change the hostel is simple or Will definitely be applied to a certain help. Execute an account. His lifestyle, even When peaceful recovery when they represent them to the house, is With extreme addiction. They always move from a place in I'm looking for cheap situations, always spend more Instead of them follow. Your feelings so fast Indifferent; She lasted a little; Although she Youth and her name, she maintains the reputation of all claims Her bank of her gave her. 

Although the dasha never receives to pemberly _him_ As a matter of Elizabeth, he helped him in his career. Lady Sometimes there is a tourist when her husband is gone Take advantage of in London or bathroom; and sudden flash They are often so long, even the benefits of Bentley Humor was overcome, he stopped so far _Talk_ Give them a proposal to go. 

Darcy's wedding is very deeply humiliated Miss Bob, but How she thinks she can save access Pengelley, she refused all her resentment; better than before Georgina is almost the attention of dasha still and paid Every time you are worried about Elizabeth. 

Pemberley is now a Georgia house; Sisters are what Darcy wants to see. They can Even each other, and you have to pay love with them. Position has The greatest vision of the world Elizabeth; She often heard surprisingly, furious in her. The way to play, play, talk to the brothers. Who is he? Always stimulate the overcoming of your respect in my respect Feelings, she saw a nice open goal. Your idea The knowledge you received never fell earlier. pass through Elizabeth's instructions, she began to understand a woman Maybe free with her husband, brother Always allow for more than ten years on my sister. Himself. 

Mrs. Catherine was very outraged at her wedding. Outside; and she goes all frankly She answered a man who announced her letter Organize, she sent the tongue as insulted, especially Elizabeth, this period of time is over. but In Elizabeth, he exists at all Criminal crime, seek reconciliation; and then Some of her aunt are very small, her resentment Give it, be a feeling of your curiosity Look at your wife alone; She succumbed to waiting In Penfalli, although your pollution is your forest Received not only the hostess existed But your uncle and aunt are available from the city. 

With Gardner, they are always on the side. Darcy, like Elizabeth, really like them; they I am very reasonable for people's enthusiasm, thank you. Who always took her to Derby? Who is always? Unify them. 

